The sell feature on these labels is that they are easy to peel, but they could be much more versatile were they larger and allowed for design.  The template is most basic, and while the small size gives you 2,000 labels per package, I'd rather have 1,000 larger, designable labels.  As they are, I can only fit three lines of text if I use size 8 font!  Improvements can allow for a template that accepts icons/avatars so that one could design according to company logo, season (falling leaves, snowflakes), event (birthday balloons) or holiday (jack o lanterns, bunnies, cornucopia). I'd rather use the pre-printed friendly, cheerful, colorful labels that I receive from charitable orgs.
I wasted several sheets of these labels because the text does not line up with the label.  Usually I print out a sample on plain paper and hold it up behind the sheet of stickers to see if the text and sticker line up properly.  I did do this once, but there is so much text, and the stickers are so small, that it was a waste of time.  I did have to adjust my document margin on top so everything would line up, but that was just guesswork.Then I noticed that on the label it says to "use template 5167".  So why are these stickers called 5267 labels?  What is the point of calling it that when you ultimately use a template with a different number?  That is a problem.  Then I dug out my other labels of the same size, also Avery.  The older package with the same feature of being "easy peel" is just called easy peel, whereas this one says it has a "pop-up edge".  We'll I don't see any difference between the two besides that there is label material in the middle of the page on the older one.  These labels have a space of no label material in the center, just the backing material.  With or without this sliver of material it works the same way.  Both are exactly the same size, and the space at the top of the label is the same also.  The older ones also say to use template 5167.  Even when I used the right template the text still did not line up on the label.  I also made the font smaller, as fonts can be called the same size, but actually be bigger or smaller.  I don't recall ever having so much trouble with this size label sheet.  I am using MS Word for Mac, but that shouldn't be an issue here.In any case, the labels themselves are fine.  They stick on things fine, and easily peel off the paper.  I would prefer a slightly larger label to use as return address labels.  This is just an annoying size to work with but if you must, then that's it.
You can't use these for anything except return labels because they are so small. Be sure to position them where you want them the first time because if you don't & try to remove them to place them better they will tear & stick partially to the envelope. These did not jam even running through 100 pages at a time to print on my Konica Minolta laser jet color printer. I loved the online FREE help for getting the temp plate made & they also enclosed a toll free number to call for FREE help,can't beat that. I gave them 3 stars because of the help available, other wise I would have given them one star, the paper itself is very cheap.
I'm glad that so many people have been pleased with this product. I have a few gripes, so I guess I'll stand as the devil's advocate review today, which is rare for me.The labels themselves were of great quality, never jammed or peeled in the printer, and the way you get the labels off of the paper by folding it is ingenious and better than I've seen elsewhere.  That being said, all I wanted was a simple way to put my return address on the labels.  The issues that I had mostly revolve around the software.1.  The web based printing is simple & easy... it creates PDF's that you download and print.  I had issues getting things to line up though, so I wasted about 50% of the labels on each sheet.  I wasn't being that picky-- as long as everything was on the label, and nothing was on a label from an adjacent label, I considered the label a "win"-- even if not centered. Still, I lost about 50% of them.2.  I downloaded the full version of Avery software from the company-- for free! I was happy with that, and expected it to be basic.  But at least at the time of this review, product 5267 was not listed in the software so I couldn't use the software.3.  Take me to the third & final option-- support for Microsoft Word.  I have word 2010 and figured that would be the best bet.  After downloading the Avery software for Office 2010, it wouldn't install... I use Windows 7 64 bit and Office 64 bit, so the software wasn't compatable.So all of that being said, I'm glad so many others have had such great success with the labels. I had hoped that the Avery Stand Alone software was going to be the key to success for me as it also supposed print alignment testing, however, the lack of support for this particular label was the final thing to run me off track.I hope some of these "gotchas" are helpful to some of you using Windows 7 64 bit or really care about print alignment.I gave it 3 stars because really, even with the label waste on option 1, the ones I did get that were ok enough were good enough to fill my need of return labels.  If I really needed tons of labels and spent more time tweaking and wasting more sheets, there is a good chance I could achieve less waste. And I may try that again.Update! Success! Sort of.... Word 2010 has some built in default label printing functionality and this label is one of the options.  I don't have the nice photo options and it still took some wasting of a few sheets, but I was able to get a full sheet of return address labels with no "wasted ones!"
These are nice labels and will work for most purposed. However, for my application, I need to fed one sheet multiple times, as I use labels on items that I craft. Unfortunately, with these Avery labels, after I feed them a couple times, the adhesive seems to bleed through and the label turns a bit brown. I am using a HP laserjet, but I have had this problem before with the lower end labels. The more expensive labels don't have that problem.So, if you plan to print one sheet at a time, this should be fine. If you plan to print only a few labels at a time, look for another product.
Trublock Technology is a gray coating on the adhesive side of the label so that it is more opaque and covers what is underneath. If this is important to you than it's an added bonus. Otherwise, not an essential quality.
We use address labels for mailing, for party invitations, for labeling the kids play bins and folders - all sorts of things. These slightly thicker labels are great, they feed through the printer without any problems (I'm using an HP D7360) and line up perfectly for my templates. With the normal style of Avery label I tend to pull off the outer grid, then raise each sticker one at a time - this can lead to wrinkled edges that don't stick as well. These new pop-up labels really do peel off easily and without edge damage but they don't come apart while printing. (I was afraid they would get stuck inside the printer - didn't happen). Definitely worth getting again and has a nice crisp appearance. I did see another reviewer had trouble with them sticking to poly bubble envelopes - with all my labels (except those on paper envelopes) I tend to cover them with a piece of clear tape, so I don't know if that is an issue or not. I did use them on that type of envelope, but with the tape applied as well.Updated 6/3/2012 - As these labels have aged they have developed some issues that make me reluctant to leave them with a 5 star rating. the adhesive has gotten less tacky, I now see more of the peeling the other reviewer reported. Equally annoying is a failure of my printer to recognize that these are printable. Because the easy peel has areas near the top that are not covered in label, my printer spits every fifth or sixth sheet out as unprintable. it can take a dozen re-feeds for the printer to stop thinking the page is upside down. Still love the quick release of these but the printer misfeeds are wearing me down.
The Avery Easy Peel Address Labels are pretty good labels for the printers. The templates site was not too user friendly. I would suggest searching for the template 5160 instead of trying to look through it to find the correct one. I got the template in a word document format and it was pretty easy to type out.Just a hint, it takes two tabs to get over to the next label to start typing.The confusing part comes from the instructions on the labels. It shows as feed paper only one side. If you have a priner that has the tray on the bottom for loading, I would suggest you turn the sheet around so it prints properly. I accidentally put it the way it told me to and instead, it printed the labels on the back. Furthermore, I used these with a inkjet printer and it worked great as well.So these labels are as described, easy to peel and fairly easy to use. Just make sure to turn the sheet so the back faces you when loading if your printer is a front-load one.
I'd like to review this item, but since ordering it over a month ago, it still hasn't come.
These are pretty basic adress labels.They are quite thin, matte finish and transparent material, much like the usual tape for wrapping holiday gifts.I have no problem with them, but the price is a little high for labels of such average quality. It isn't a product I'd buy again.I don't think the cost is worth the product and is not something I'd recommend. I'm also miffed as why we can't manufacture such simple paper products here in the US.
I give the tape itself 5 stars -it is fantastic, and is really the best tape to use on wrapping paper, because it does a great job of disappearing.  It is MUCH better, in fact, than the typical Scotch tape which can be removed and reused if not put on correctly --and which is not fully see through.  Though that tape also does a great job when used for wrapping, the Satin Finish tape is better.The only problem I had is that I was really surprised at how little tape came on each of these three rolls; it was ridiculous.  I had a "regular" single roll of Scotch Satin Tape and the tape on THAT roll was at LEAST three times the diameter of the tape on each of these 3-pack rolls.  So, the bottom line is that these three rolls of tape seem to have less tape than a single roll of the regular sized Scotch Satin Tape.  Basically if you like to have more rolls of tape lying around (for example, useful if other people are helping you wrap) AND the three rolls are cheaper, together, than a single roll, then go for the three rolls.  If, however, you like having less clutter, less wasting of resources (more plastic going into the garbage), and NOT running out of tape in the middle of wrapping, go for the single roll.  (The single roll also has the advantage of having a stronger case -and is sealed on both the front and the back.You can't go wrong with the quality of this product, just with the amount of waste, and the amount of tape you get for your money.Recommended as a single roll.  Not recommended as a three pack unless multiple people are wrapping at the same time.
Scotch Gift tape is a great product for its intended purpose - wrapping gifts.  The tape is much less noticeable on typical gift wrap than either Scotch Magic Tape (which is a bit too matte for this purpose) or shiny generic tapes.But I have to mark down this particular product down because the amount of product given is so stingy.  Each roll only has 300 inches of tape - compare this to a a Scotch Magic Tape refill that I had sitting in my cabinet that was 1296 inches long.  And I dislike the fact that the product description on Amazon says nothing about how much tape is included, so you won't realize the issue until you get your order.
If you are the person that wraps gifts with the comics section of the paper or buys 99 cent rolls of paper then this would be a bit of overkill for you. if you care about your package and you purchase high quality paper then you need this tape. it looks great! The satin finish can't be beat. For about 4 bucks you get about 27 yards of tape. I think that is quite acceptable. If you buy those 50 cent rolls from Big Lots or Walmart you will only get about 6 yards of tape per roll and its crappy tape.The one thing that annoys me to no end with this is the serrated cutting bar. If if were just a smidge wider than the tape it would work way better. Many times it has not cut the tape correctly unless it's just right-so annoying!I received this product free of charge to try through the vine program.Would I spend my own money on this? no
Standard filler paper, slightly on the thin (translucent) side but works well for writing notes and such...
This is filler paper that comes pre-punched with three holes to be inserted into a 3-hole binder.The paper is thick enough that you won't see through it and can write on both sides. It won't immediately break from being taken in and out of the binder (after a while you'll probably want to have some reinforcements around).The price point makes it a bit of a lousy investment though. This paper is on the thinner side and there are only 200 sheets in the packet. at the beginning of the school year, you are usually able to buy Staples or Office Depot brand on sale for 99 cents. This paper does not provide anything special for the extra money (it's currently $2.99 per 200 sheets on Amazon).
Mead is a big name in school supplies and this paper is adequate. The lines are clear and the wide ruling makes it easy for younger kids to learn to write. Pre-punched, it fits beautifully in any standard three ring binder. It is rather thin and certainly not of stationary quality. But it is fine for practice and less important projects.  While nothing to write home about, it is certainly acceptable for general use.
This is good quality wide ruled loose leaf paper.  It is an average price, so you may want to look for sales around the start of the school year, etc. for this brand or others.  The lines are consistent darkness with no fading, but over all you'll do better if you buy a store brand on sale.
This is standard wide ruled filler paper. I compared it to an office store brand of similar paper and found that the lines on the Mead paper were much fainter than the office store brand. Also the Mead paper seemed a little thinner/ lower quality. At almost $3 a package, it seems a little overpriced too.
I remember Mead producing a much nicer paper than this.  It is surprisingly thin, although still adequate for everyday use. The lines are nicely inked and the wide rule is a better choice for younger writers.Just "ok."
The sheets are thin and crease easily, otherwise the paper is fine. With a standard #2 pencil, the print looked okay and it erased well. This budget-quality paper might be OK for elementary school kids, but I'd recommend heavier weight paper for anything else.
It's notebook paper, so what's to judge? It's a little bit thin, but fine for everyday use. I wouldn't want to use it with a fountain pen or anything that might bleed through, but for keeping notes it's OK.
This is basic filler paper.  It's not as thick as some paper, but it works for taking notes and a lot of sheets will fit into a small binder.  The lines are printed consistently.  I recommend it if the price is good, assuming that you don't need something more durable.
At first glance this Mead Filler paper is your standard Wide Ruled paper. 3 holes, horizontal blue lines with a vertical red line to keep lines straight on the left.What you might want to know is the paper is thinner than some other manufacturers. For practice writing that probably doesn't matter. However for other purposes, particularly if you plan on writing on the back of the paper, it might be a problem.SUMMARYOkay paper.
What is going on with the quality of paper items anymore? This is much thinner paper than I remember from when I was in school. The price has gone way up too. What still is the same is the nice spacing between the lines with the wide ruled. This is great for writing out homework assignments or reports, or even for doodling.
I'm not sure if the quality varies from package to package but I've noticed that the reviews are all over the place with this product.  My package seemed to be just fine.  I wouldn't say it's high quality but I certainly wouldn't say it's bad either.It may be slightly thinner but when I write on the paper it's not any more visible from the reverse side than any other paper that I've compared it to.The lines are printed on my paper just as they should be.  They're not real dark but they're not too light either.The hole punches are complete and just fine on my package.I would have no problem sending this package in with my elementary aged children.  I think it gets the job done just fine.
I feel this is below average notebook paper here.  The holes were well punched in the paper I received and the lines were correctly printed on the pages with no missing lines, but the lines are light and the paper is thin.  It will work, but you could do better on price and quality at Wal-Mart.  If you can't make it so a store, this isn't a bad option, albeit not excellent.As a side note, I don't think it's too uncommon to buy notebook paper with lines missing on a few pages in a pack.  I've had this happen to me in the past.
The thing is huge and takes up way too much space on my desk, I don't like the legs at all, they are not sturdy and I feel that they should have been made all one piece (like a frame) and then attach to the plastic holder. You can't pick this up with the legs attached. This is also a little high for my monitor. I have a large monitor but it sits a little low on the desk so I can't tilt this thing very far because it then obstructs the view of my monitor. I don't expect it to last long because of all the plastic pieces and the little lip that the legs attach to are not going to be sturdy either.
My first thought upon opening the box for this 3M Copy Holder was, "$109 retail?  Really?"  Even Amazon's considerably lower price seems way out of line for what this is.  My complaints:* As another reviewer has noted, the weighted legs are filled with metal balls that are sealed in only by rubber pads that double as non-skid feet.  Over time, those pads are likely to peel up or slowly shift out of place (as rubber protective feet tend to do), resulting in pellets spilling out all over the place.  It is inconceivable to me that 3M didn't seal up the legs better.  This is one of those head-scratching what-were-they-thinking design flaws you especially hate to see in such an expensive product.* The rubber band that holds books open is supposed to double as a place keeper.  It's unlikely anyone would use it thusly very often (unless, perhaps, if leaving their desk for an extended period of time) because each side has to be adjusted separately.* All of the parts seem rather flimsy.  I was afraid of cracking something even while I was snapping it together.  If you do break anything, the holder is ruined.* Some people will take this thing out of the box and intuitively snap everything on, but I'm not among them. The instructions consist of a few black-and-white line drawings that I found wholly unhelpful.  I eventually got it together (by looking at the photo on the front of the instruction pamphlet), but I was a bit frustrated by the experience.  They definitely could have provided better instructions.* This thing is *huge*.  It takes up a lot of space on the desk, and it's slightly cumbersome to fold up for storage.  Because it is shipped disassembled, if you want to use the box it comes in for storage, you will have to disassemble the holder.  As much as this thing costs, a cheap case (to keep the legs from flopping around and to give it some protection) would have been a nice touch.So who would need this thing?  Well, if you need to refer extensively to a book (especially a large, heavy reference book) while typing, this is a good product for that.  If you only need to refer to paper documents, I think one of the many other, less-expensive document holders 3M offers would do as good of a job for a whole lot less, such as the cheap and space-saving3M Document Clipor their3M Desktop Copy Holder.  I thought this souped-up mega version might make a pretty good cookbook holder, but Amazon has a lot of purpose-built products that cost a lot less and would probably function better (for example, the inexpensiveNorpro Acrylic Cookbook Holderor the highly ratedClear Solutions Jumbo Cookbook Holder).Overall, I really can't recommend this 3M Copy Holder.  If it looks like just what you need, maybe it is, but consider having a look at one in person at an office supply store first.
I've used copy holders for years and find them very convenient. My favorite copy holder ever was a little bar that stuck on a CRT monitor and could be folded back against the side of the monitor to move it out of the way when not being used and held it at the perfect eye level when in use. The best part of this holder was that even when it was being used, it took up no real estate on the desk surface. Sadly, that particular style just doesn't work as well with LCD monitors.So I tried the 3M In-line copy holder. I'll admit, I didn't notice when I ordered it that it is 18" wide, although it is clearly stated in the product description. That's my own fault. Still, I can't imagine that many people would be willing to sacrifice an area of their desk 18 inches wide and 11 inches deep to make room for a copy holder. I'm sure there are a few that have some use for a copy holder this big, but I personally don't and consequently find it unwieldy both when I am trying to use it and when I am trying to store it while not in use.In addition, the string that is supposed to hold the pages down pops off and flies across the room very easily - so easily that the guys in my office find it hard to resist once they see it happen accidentally. Boys will be boys, you know. It is extremely aggravating when this occurs on its own while you are trying to use the holder.I do give it points for holding the paper at a good angle and also have to say that the device is very sturdily built, outside of the flimsy elastic string that is meant to hold the pages down.I don't think this copy holder would be a fit for the average user. If you really need something that is extremely wide, then you may want this, but otherwise, keep looking for alternatives that don't take up as much room on your desk and have a better paper holder.
The 3M Copy Holder works just like it's designed to. It will hold up anything from a few sheets of paper to the largest and heaviest books. The see-through acrylic is crystal clear so it allows you to easily see what's behind the copy holder. Brilliant! It's really quite amazing how such a simple contraption can prove so useful.However, this holder has a couple of flaws.Height adjustment:The board has tracks that the clamps on the sides clamp on to. The height is adjusted by moving the board along its tracks. The trouble is, after the clamps are loosened, the board doesn't slide straight up and down; the tracks tend to slide unevenly so the board is free to tilt from side to side. Another problem is the feet are not weighted enough, so you're going to have to hold them down while you attempt to straighten out the board. After you've made the desired adjustment, you have to keep holding it in place while you tighten the clamps. That's a lot of work to simply adjust the height.Tilt Adjustment:Again, the feet aren't weighted enough so you would have to hold both feet while you tilt the board to the desired angle.In addition, the board is HUGE (11" x 18") and unwieldy to move around. The 3 Copy Holder is best used as a semi-permanent fixture on your desk. And I would recommend it only if you have a lot of desktop space!There you have it! All in all, the 3M Copy Holder works quite well despite a couple of flaws. However, the above are some considerations you might want to take into account before making a purchase decision.
Although it is extremely handy to have my books I am typing out of on this copy holder, I found two major flaws with it.The first was the sheer amount of space it took up. I found it very ungainly, a pain to move around, and it simply took up way too much space. I couldn't fit it under my computer screen like it advertised and can't imagine it working that way unless your screen could go very high.  So I have it off to the side of my screen; which is less than ideal but works.The second thing that really annoyed me was when I tried to turn the pages. There is a lip on the front of the black base that prevented me from turning the pages easily.  I had to physically lift up the book and turn the pages so that they wouldn't scrape and start to tear on the lip. You wouldn't run into this issue if you are using loose-sheet pages instead of a book like I was, so it depends on what you are planning on using this for.That being said, there are some really great things about this. I love how the legs can pivot so you can stand it up straight or you can lean the book back. That was a REALLY nice feature.  I also loved how you could move it up and down and at basically any level that you wanted. That was another huge plus.  Really, if they had just made the lip in the front fold-able and if it took up a bit less room on the desk I would be VERY happy with it!
First of all, the instructions (and I use that word loosely) on how to put this together are horrible.  There was no way I could figure it out by looking at the pictures; I had to fiddle with it until I figured it out on my own.  You need to unscrew the legs, which are heavy because they're filled with sand, and then slide them on the appropriate sides.  After the legs are on then you'll see that the holder can be adjusted either forward or backward.  Then the elastic slides on each side and also can be adjusted up or down.I know this is advertised as a document holder or copy holder, but the reason I wanted it mainly was to hold knitting or crochet instructions and charts and use the elastic to show where I was in the pattern, and it works perfectly for that purpose.  But I have also found that it works great to hold my iPad up so I don't have to physically hold it.  It is larger than I thought and you need a lot of space on your desk or wherever you put it.  I actually put it on a separate stand.As others have mentioned, the price is high for what it is and I can't really justify paying that much for what it's used for.
These seem to work the same as other shipping labels so I'm not quite sure of the benefit of "TrueBlock(TM)" technology. It's a label, right?! It works fine, but only 3 stars since I didn't really get what the new technology was supposed to do. I wouldn't pay a premium for it. Also take note, these are made for laser printers, not inkjet printers. There is another version of this product made specifically for inkjet printers.
Let me say this right off the bat... I have NEVER written a review for a product that I haven't used personally, but in this case I have made an exception.I wrongly assumed when I requested these labels and dividers, that I could print out as many or as few labels as my project required.  Read the instructions carefully - you can only run the one included sheet of 50, through your printer ONCE, and if the number that you need is less than 50, you cannot use the sheet again and have to buy either another package with dividers or individual packages of label sheets - either 10 sheets of 80 labels each, or 25 sheets of 80 labels.  The reason they can't be used in the printer again is that the exposed, residual adhesive might ruin your printer.I contacted Avery's customer service (not mentioning Amazon or Vine) and was given the extra label purchase information above.Only one sheet of 50 labels comes with this package of 25 dividers.  You can print labels to be used on both sides of the index tabs. Unless you have a large project, where you will be using all 50 labels, the others will have to be written on with a pen, which is all right if you don't want the uniformity of all of the labels being printed and not hand written.  It is not a huge expense, but it would then require you to buy additional packages of 800 or 2,000 labels, again using the exact number that you require for your project, and throwing away the remainder of the sheet.Judging by the pictures only and the info on Avery's web site, professional results appear to be easily achieved with the printed labels.  I have a project that only requires 15 labels and to be truthful, I will wait until I have a larger project, so I can print and use all 50 labels at the same time.For the $20.00 cost, I think that they should include more label sheets, varying the number of labels on each sheet.  Maybe several sheets of 10 to 20.The package as it comes, and the purchase of subsequent packages of sheets, appears to be for industrial sized jobs, assembly-line production of multiple reports, or for companies/individuals who don't mind not having to write in headings on left over unprintable labels.As for the binder that was included in the Amazon/Vine package, it appears to be a good buy.  It is sturdy and for people with hand problems, arthritis, etc., the binder ring lever at the bottom of the ring panel, opens the rings with ease.
The product is good quality and the idea pretty handy.  But adding labels individually to a tab is not really that stressful for me.I would like to see the dividers made out of thicker paper or a cardstock. I use these kinds of dividers at work and flipping through them on a daily basis wears them out very quickly.  The 3 ring binder with the labels is a nice addition and fairly stout and should last a while.If you like the idea of printing your labels out and applying them in a strip, this product will work.
I nearly rated this product 5-stars, and was ready to press "send" with a solid 4-star rating.  But I went to the main Amazon site to check the selling and full retail prices first, and noticed something that changes my review considerably.  Make no mistake - this is a VERY nice product, as detailed below.  BUT: What Amazon Vine program reviewers received for review is NOT what you will get when purchasing the same product.  What you will get is an excellent quality set of divider pages (fairly heavy card stock with plastic reinforcement along the 3-ring punched edge) and clear labels for the divider tabs.  Sounds very basic at first.  What sets this apart is that the clear (not white) labels are constructed in such a way on the full 8x11" sheet that you simply lay a strip of 5 labels across 5 divider pages, line up the labels, and apply them all at the same time.  They line up perfectly with the divider tabs, leaving you with a professional looking presentation or project.  If you want a first class presentation or project, this is definitely the way to go.The problem is that Avery sent Amazon Vine reviewers the same product with a very nice Avery 1" D-ring notebook included.  You won't get that with your purchase.  So the price you'll pay - even at the discounted Amazon rate - makes these labels pretty expensive even with the Amazon discount off regular retail.  You'll still have to go purchase a separate notebook.  I don't know if Avery was using that as a subtle way to increase ratings on the product since it would not be obvious to an Amazon Vine reviewer that what we're reviewing is not what you'll be getting.  I just think comparing apples with apples, so to speak, is the most appropriate and fair way to do it, and what we reviewed is more than what the retail customer gets through Amazon.  I called Avery to verify, before writing this review, since I thought (hoped) perhaps the Amazon description simply forgot to mention the included notebook - it didn't because there is no notebook with the labels and dividers when you purchase it on Amazon.With all that said, if I was rating ONLY what the Amazon customer will purchase on line, I'd increase the rating to a solid 4-star rating - perhaps a bit over-priced, but WELL worth the money if you want a first class, professional looking presentation or project.  You'd have a very hard time creating the perfectly aligned effect with individually applied labels.  Very nice product.
This product by Avery is quite clever and simple for creating professionally-labeled dividers for projects needing five sections. Included are five sets of dividers as well as one sheet with ten sets of printable labels.The divider pages themselves are white, 30% post-consumer recycled thick papers, but not as thick as cardstock. Each page also has a thin plastic reinforcer strip along the hole-punched side, and similar clear-plastic reinforcement on both sides of each tab. The corners of the pages are sharp, not rounded. (may bend easily with use.)The peel-and-stick labels adhere well to the tabs, but also can be unpeeled from the tabs later, if you do so carefully. They are set up so that you can put them into your printer and use a program to print all fifty of them at once. (they can only go through the printer one time, so if you don't print all of them, you will only be able to re-use them if you hand-label them). The special feature of this set-up allows the user to remove each strip of five printed labels at the same time and lay them down on the dividers all at once.Right now I am using all five sets of five dividers in the same large, heavy duty Avery binder (five stars for binder) to divide and conquer a bunch of paperwork that has been piling up here, and hand-labeling them by pencil, so that's pretty neat. However this product is best used with large projects--that is, at least five dividable projects at a time, in order to make use of the printable format.
I bought this cheap stand, hoping that it can make my reading and homeworking a lot easier. I cannot sit at a table for hours, bending my neck forward to read a textbook, etc. All in all, it does hold small to medium sized books, as well as light electronics like tablets. However, I've found that it can be unreliable when turning pages.Design - the wires used are of good strength and quality, and is very easy to fit into place. Very intuitive to use.Strength - as I've mentioned, it can hold a small to medium book. Sometimes, wider books can be difficult to position.Turning Pages - I struggled with with this stand when I was turning pages. Sometimes pages would get stuck, but most of the time, the stand slightly moves, forcing me to fix the stand again.Overall, a great idea and great value falls short because it can be unreliable sometimes. However, keep in mind that this may just be my own unique experience. Others may have better luck than me.
I often take notes on the computer while I'm reading, and it's hard to hold them open to the right page and type at the same time.A friend suggested I pick up one of these, and it works quite well. It's inexpensive and easily folds up so that you can throw it in a bag.For my office, though, I ended up buying a more durable wooden stand. The problem with this stand is that while it will easily hold a book open to a specific page it is not as easy to switch pages. It's not hard, though, and for its ease of use and its portability I would recommend one of these to any student or scholar on a budget.
I bought this in order to be able to prop heavy books in front of me on a table and also for use as a tabletop music stand on the occasions when I don't use a regular floor music stand.The item is well made of heavy-weight "wire" which is to say round metal rods bent precisely. It folds flat and can be easily stowed, either flat or hung from a hook. Folded, the dimensions are 6 1/2 X 9 1/2 X 11/16". Unfolded and ready for action, the space between the two "holders" is 6". The arms that extend upward to hold the pages in place are 1 3/8". These arms, therefore, do interfere somewhat with the turning of pages. No easy way 'round that. The spaces to hold the book are only 1 1/2" so you can't put a really thick book on this. That IS a drawback as you have to consider the entire thickness of the book, not just when you are reading in the middle of it. (The illustration, which I consider a bit deceptive, shows what appears to be a dictionary open to its middle. No way could that happen on this stand with my Webster College!) Also this device holds the material at quite an erect angle that cannot be adjusted. It seems an appropriate angle, though.The stand comes with little rubber tips in a plastic bag so you have to put them on the exposed metal tips yourself, no biggie. I do suggest a bit of Super Glue, having lost plenty of these protective tips over time.
I was looking for a bookstand that would not take up too much space on my desk at work, could easily be folded for storage when not in use, and on which I could read both professional magazines and my Amazon Kindle. This unit does the trick, but has its shortcomings.I have the following comments:1.There is no practical way to adjust the angle at which books or magazines are read. The only way to decrease the angle is by moving the back legs of this unit wider apart, but doing so moves the front legs closer together to the point where you cannot place a book on them. The reading angle is a bit more than I would like, but I have gotten used to it.2. This unit works fine on a small hardcover book (9x6x1), but not as well on a paperback book of the same size. The reason is that a hardcover book stays open more easily by itself, and the front legs on this unit do not keep a small paperback book fully open; you will have to press it with your hands to keep it fully open.3. There is no problem with a larger paperback book (10x7.5x1.25) since the weight of the book is enough to keep it open.4. This unit does not really work with any book thicker than 2 inches.There are other bookstands that have angle adjustments and hold books more easily, particularly larger books. However, those bookstands are more expensive, take up more space on your desk, and do not store as easily as this unit. Therefore you need to decide what your needs are. While this unit has its shortcomings, it is relatively inexpensive and easy to handle.My primary use is reading my Kindle and magazines. For that this unit is adequate.
I had been using an el cheapoWestcott Paper Trimmerfor cutting a LOT of cardstock and regular paper, and I was excited to try this instead because I felt it would be a step up. In the end, I was rather disappointed by this. The accuracy of the cuts is not good. With paper, it just wants to bend the paper down instead of cutting it, and even with cardstock it is very hard to make an accurate cut. I was afraid I was wearing out my Westcott trimmer, cutting out an extended set of Cards Against Humanity cards, but this guillotine trimmer was simply not accurate enough for that or for some other projects I had. After a bit I gave up and figured out I had a tiny bit of paper stuck in my Westcott trimmer and once that was cleaned out I was back to my accurate cuts with that one. If you are looking to cut several pieces of cardstock at a time or maybe 5 or 6 regular pieces of paper and accuracy is not necessary, then I think you might do okay with this guillotine trimmer, but I'm going back to my old trimmer for now at least.
I do a variety of crafts including origami. With origami, you have to get the cut exactly perfect and exactly square for the end result to come out properly. I'm often doing shapes for weddings or special occasions where there is an unusual request. I'll need to make large origami cranes from vellum, or watercolored origami lotus flowers, or that sort of thing. So I need a cutter that can do the job. I wouldn't dream of trying to do these by hand with scissors.The guillotine might be fine for cutting coupons, or separating tax forms, or other things where it doesn't have to be precise. But I find that the drawing motion of the blade pulls the paper and, despite my best efforts, won't make an exactly perfect cut. With the rolling cutters, there's no issue at all. It's exactly perfect. Plus it's far easier and safer.This unit is pretty much all lightweight plastic and doesn't feel sturdy. The blade does lock with a safety catch, but I wouldn't want this around kids. It's fairly sharp. So you have a sharp blade but it doesn't make precise cuts.To make things a little worse, their guide lines are fairly fat, so you're not able to make a precise measurement, either.So I'm not sure where I'd recommend this. In just about every situation where I could see someone using this, I could see them using the rotary one instead, and the rotary one would work better. Still, I'll give it three stars for being at least reasonably ok at performing its task.We were sent a review copy by the Amazon vine program.
I use paper cutters primarily for origami, where getting straight and accurate cuts is CRITICAL. Unfortunately it's very hard to get them correct with this trimmer. First, the guides are relatively wide compared to other cutters, so it's hard to know where precisely to line the paper up. The other issue is that the guide in the middle of the cutter is further down on this larger size than on the smaller model. This makes is much more difficult to line paper up if you are cutting to sizes of around 6 inches or less, which I very often am (cutting 12x12 scrapbook paper to 6x6). It doesn't handle multiple sheets particularly well, I could do about 3 or 4 before I started having issues, but it's the accuracy of it that is the biggest issue for me personally. If you don't need perfect cuts though it's a good enough trimmer and certainly will do the trick for photo use and other less critical jobs.
These are the perfect lightweight cards for use in your average home printer.  The card stock is lightweight and will not jam or print lopsided because the card stock is too thick for underpowered home printers.  The perforated edge is clean, although you can still see the minute perforations if you look closely.  The cards separate easily from each other yet do not fall part in the printer during the printing process.  The finish is matte and both Laser printing and Ink Jet printing print well and look decent.I would recommend this product for casual home use and for quick printing. (Avery templates are easy to use and lined-up well with both my printers at home and at work). However if you need something that is professional looking, I would recommend buying another product made from thicker card stock.  The weight/thickness was not printed on the packaging and so it was impossible to tell how thick the card stock was on this product.Not recommended if you're going for a professional feel/look - card stock too lightweight.
Avery is right about one thing, the only way that you might find cleaner edges would be to go to a professional print shop.  Honestly, there is little difference between do-it-yourself cards using the Avery Clean Edge Business Cards and commercially printed ones.Why have 250 or 500 cards printed for you at a modest (yet spam-inducing) cost, when you can customize your own?  This would be perfect for job hunters!  You can produce a few at a time, customized to your search and your career targets.  And Avery provides plenty of design templates for you if you're a little uncertain as to how you want to get started.The downside?  Maybe it's my HP printer... or maybe it's Avery, but I had to throw away the bottom row or two of a sheet because the text and artwork tended to creep up with each successive row.  You can adjust that, but you might waste a few sheets in the process.  I expected a little more in that, but now that I know better, I can deal with it.
Okay, this could be fun as a project, however, there are a few things that just make this a mediocore purchase at best. First, the edges are not as sharp as a cut card. Second, the cost per card is very high compared to what you can get online. The paper does take the ink relatively well, but there are so many variables, e.g. ink quality, etc., that may effect the outcome. These are things you don't have to worry about when you order from a company. This is probably best for someone who is just starting out and has very specific designs that cannot be met by any online company (I can't imagine who that would be for). You can easily find a place to give you five hundred cards for about the same price...with the front and back printed and possibly embossed. I guess if you need a some cards quickly this is for you. If you can wait a week or so, look online, there are some really great places that will make up some beautiful cards for you.
This is a pretty simple and standard office product. These work as well as any I've tried. Nice for those who like to make and keep really organized paper records, but aren't paper records supposed to be going away :)?
One of the big selling points for the recent line of Avery office supplies is that you can go online and use their templates to help you print out folders, dividers, whatever type of their product you have.  However, when I tried to download the template for these it failed multiple times on my Apple computer even though I have a fairly new one on which all other software works.  That's deeply disappointing because it means I'll have to write on this dividers by hand.I can read my handwriting, usually, but I wouldn't want to share these with others.  Thus for dividers are going to only be good for projects I want to organize for myself alone.  For that there are nice though they only provide up to five divisions per three-ring binder and sometimes I have more than five categories I'd like to separate my projects into.
I am a big fan of these type of boxes, whether Banker's Box or other brands. These are very useful for holding many things besides files. I use a lot for holding/moving books and magazines. this size is just right for moving books - large enough to carry a reasonable number, but not so large as to get too heavy when packed full.This is not the best example of this type of folding box - it is one of the cheaper types, using fewer folding leaves, which makes it a bit less sturdy than the more expensive style.That said, they are still very useful and a good buy for storing many different kinds of things in a uniform way.I would use them again.
I'm normally a Bankers Box fan.  I have a few different types, and I've been mostly impressed by them all...until now.In short, these are only marginally better than the "basic strength" Bankers Boxes that you can get for ~$2/each at places like Office Depot.  I bought a set of those years ago and they're still holding up great.  Folding these recycled "medium-duty" boxes into shape didn't impress me.  They didn't seem better than the standard boxes, but they cost a lot more unless you pick up a 12-pack from Amazon (currently $36, or $3/each).  The only thing that I like better than the standard boxes is that the lids have a flap that folds into the handle holes to keep the lids in place.Unlike some other reviewers, my boxes didn't smell any different to me than other boxes.  Perhaps they've fixed whatever was wrong with the formula.I'd pay maybe 20% more for these than the standard boxes for the lid and that feeling that I'm doing something good for the environment, but definitely not the current price premium - they just aren't that much nicer, IMO.  I recommend checking out the less expensiveBankers Box Stor/File(and nothing against Amazon, but they're cheaper locally for me).
The boxes arrived within a big box, within another big box. Kind of felt guilty for receiving two extra boxes that weren't necessary; I recycled them. The actually banker boxes looked quite small, but they were the right size that I needed (think a large copy paper box from Staples). The boxes folded out beautifully and didn't need any folding. I had been used to the previous style of banker boxes where you fold A over B and then C. These boxes just pop into shape and are very solid. The lids however, are less than desirable. They all need to be taped to stay in place. The cardboard that should lock them in place is too short and the entire lid just pops back out flat, extremely annoying and definitely a quality control issue. If it weren't for the lids these boxes would be perfect! I was on the fence between a 2 or 3 rating because I actually need the lids. I'll go with 3 stars because hopefully they'll work this out.
I'm not sure there's much room for improvement in the expanding file arena. This product fulfills its promise of providing a neat place to store your papers and sort them by tab. But there were two issues I had that might make you opt for another of the many similar products available. First, the flapping locking mechanism didnt inspire much confidence and in fact came undone once. Secondly, the entire product was a bit TOO stiff and it was difficult to easily file and retrieve papers. It may loosen up over time but with so many alternatives, might be worth trying something else.
The material is hardier than I expected. Doesn't tear easily.The pockets already have the alphabet printed on them. I'd have preferred if they were all left blank. Although the makers tried to give more popular letters more space, it still seems that some letters need more. And what if you wanted to buy two? You'll find yourself scratching through many tabs with your sharpie.It holds a good deal of paper, but each pouch holds less than I hoped.It would also be better if it had a handle.
We abuse these kinds of expanding files, filling them with manuals, receipts, warranties and even small cords and plastics for our various appliances, computers, peripherals, electronics, furniture, etc. So expecting durability under those conditions out of a paper product isn't reasonable. But our last one (a Universal Paper Goods Sealrope Expansion File) lasted 6 years before falling apart. This one now has the job. I doubt it will survive as long.The velcro latch is useless for us because the file is expanded much too far for it to close. But in just testing the latch, the strength of the velcro connection was strong enough to crease the card-stock flap the first time I tried to pull it open. I suspect if you use that latch very often, the flap will start to look a bit mangled.The construction seem OK, and if you only use it for papers and don't over-stuff it like we do, it will probably serve you well. Ours stays in one place, inside a cabinet where we can reach in and find the documents we need quickly, because instead of using the printed alphabetical A-Z index, I've printed and taped specific category labels like &#34;appliances&#34; and &#34;computer.&#34; But I wouldn't vouch for the Wilson Jones ColorLife Expanding File's durability if you were carrying it around in a briefcase and taking it out all the time. Keep it in one place for document organization, and it should be fine.
This expanding file folder holds A LOT of papers.  I've crammed it full and everything fits well.  The only problem is, while the body is a nice sturdy cardboard, inexplicably, the top flap is paper-thin.  Not only that, the velcro that secures it is super-strong.  Which means you have to pull very hard to get it apart, and in so doing, the flap gets bent and mangled.  It really doesn't make any sense to have designed it this way.Overall, this file folder is ok for papers you don't need to access too often, but if you have to open and close it frequently, you probably should look at a different product.
If you're looking for a basic accordion/expandable file, this may fit. It contains 21 letter-size pockets, labeled A-Z (some of the letters are doubled/tripled up); or you can organize by any method you choose by writing (or, better, attaching a label; see about readability in next paragraph) at the top of the pocket. Being accordion style, each individual pocket can expand to about an inch, and the whole thing easily expands to 12-15 inches. A long (and somewhat flimsy) flap wraps over the top and secures at the front via a long strip of Velcro that accommodates all degrees of expansion.I'm using this file to organize my product warranties and it's adequate. But it's so dark -- the black letters printed on the dark blue folder are very hard to read, and very little light gets down into the folders to illuminate the papers within. I recommend it only if a lighter color is available. Actually, for the price, I recommend browsing office suppliers because there are other options with better aesthetics. And if you're interested in beautiful, I recommend looking for products by Galison or Punch Studio.
This is a nice expanding file that seems to be well made, except that the flap is too thin and bendy. There's no way it's going to stay nice looking if you open and close it more than a couple of times... The Velcro is strong, and when you try to open the flap, it's hard to open it gently enough to avoid folding it.I'm using it to store my daughter's artwork/school work, and I'm trying to hande it verrrrrry gingerly, but I do suspect I'll have to replace it at some point.
The Wilson Jones ColorLife Expanding File with Flap, A-Z Index, 10 x 12 Inches, Letter Size, Dark Blue (WCCC7117A-BL) is attractive and has a slot for A-Z. I could see how this item could be helpful during a move or traveling with documents. I find the opening flap rather flimsy and could see is weakening or possible ripping over repeated usage. The Velcro strip is loud when opening. I would not recommend for long-term use. Also, since the filer is a deep blue, it is hard to read the black letters. Neon colors with the black letters would have worked better for the visually challenged. For $18, this is just an okay deal in my estimation. It is constructed from paper, which will biodegrade faster over time.
this gets daily use in an office. the top flap was useless so i ended up cutting it off. pockets hold a lot of paperwork and the entire file looks like it will last a long time. for our use, it is awesome.
I was excited to get this because I always have desk clutter and I have found that I can't have enough expanding files or covered file boxes.This Wilson-Jones Expanding File is a pretty color of blue!  I like it much better than a traditional brown expanding file, BUT my excitement toned down immediately when I tried to open the as yet unused product and the velcro was so tight that I almost ripped the flimsy folding flap getting it separated. I did end up bending and creasing it and making a mess of it.I started putting monthly bills in the sections.  It might be an expanding file, but each section does not allow for more than a few sheets of paper because when they are all filled the file itself is too bulky and the already flimsy flap barely closes and then there is the problem with the super velcro. Pull on it too hard and the contents of the file will end up on the desk or on the floor.Problem solved - I cut off the flap!  I am using the file in a desk drawer just as it is for filing daily paperwork I need.  For that, it's perfect!To solve the problem of larger batches of paperwork that need to be in a covered file I ordered a Globe-Weiss Heavy Duty Expanding File w/flap and Cord Closure with 21 pockets and the color is brown which is just fine!
The velcro on the flap is either too strong or the flap on top is too weak.  After one use the flap is already creased and nearly ripped.The internal files work well and are very sturdy. The base of the file is also sturdy and it's nice that it stands up.If you will be opening and closing the file a lot I can't recommend it because the top flap is too flimsy. But if you will be filing once and then putting away for only occasional reference it is a very solid choice.
Not much to get excited about with these dividers. They are just what they appear to be; tab dividers.  My complaint and why they are a 3 star is the the paper is not terribly sturdy. I would like to see more of a card stock. Typically dividers like this get a lot of use (page turning) and the holes are not adequately reinforced.  The product should be heavier all around.
It is wonderful that there are 8 tab dividers in this package and I love the fact that these each have the insert-able labels to place each tab dividers.For the money, this is an OK deal. However, these are LIGHT DUTY type of dividers and may not last as long dividers made out of plastic. These are made out of paper and can tear if you are not careful.For dividing on a SHORT TERM USE or very light use, these are OK.If you need to buy something more durable that will last for a long time, I cannot recommend these. For me, I use a set of clear plastic Avery Dividers with pockets. And they are a little pricey, yet they are of superb quality.
This are your standard tab dividers, the lightweight paper with minimal reinforcement at the edges.  They are pretty much standard and should hold up for a semester or two, but are not meant for long term usage.  If you want something more permanent (and pricey) you may wish to consider theWilson Jones View-Tab Transparent Dividers.I do like the fact that there are eight layered dividers as opposed to the standard five or six.  These aren't on card stock, but rather heavy paper.  For example, if I wanted I could fold and crease the entire package.  They are decent, but not great.  One plus is that they are now an Amazon Add-on, a real plus in my book.FEATURES:&#9658;  Classic style, insertable dividers are made of durable paper with plastic tabs&#9658;  Double reinforced binding edge and reinforced tabs make these dividers long-lasting and durable&#9658;  Blank inserts are included for custom tab titles&#9658;  For use with letter size sheets&#9658;  Set of 8 tabbed dividers; colored tabs are transparent for easy color-coding and readabilityWILSON JONES:Wilson Jones WorkStyle Erasable-Tab Index DividersWilson Jones Cut and Sewn Binder, Round RingsWilson Jones WorkStyle Cut and Sewn Round Ring BinderWilson Jones Minute Book, Bound, Locking SpineWilson Jones Ring Ledger Sheets, 5 x 8.5 InchesWilson Jones 362 Basic Round Ring View BinderWilson Jones ColumnWrite Columnar PadWilson Jones 812 Telephone Address Book, Round RingWilson Jones Ring Ledger Binder, 1 Inch Capacity, 5.5 x 8.5 Inch Size, Blue
These are tab dividers--nothing special.  They get the job done, but the divider is what you pay for--a little cheap.  I think next time I would try to find something a little more like cardstock so that they don't get all bent and dented.  They come with double the number of tab inserts that you will need which is a nice thing in case you need to change them out.
The Wilson Jones tabs are handy because they come packaged together as an 8-tab set.  I always find myself needing more than the 5 I so often get.The left column with the three hole punches is reinforced (but only on the front) of each divider. The yellow paper that comprises the divider itself is a step up from looseleaf paper but certainly not a heavy cardstock and my package arrived with a lot of dents already in these dividers - just from regular package handling. Not a big deal to me but my kids like their school supplies to start out pristine (as do some adults). The colors on the tabs themselves seem to be a bit washed out at the top - orange, yellow, and pink, then a clear and then your more standard blue, green, yellow, and red.Overall, they are perfectly fine for their function but no one detail stands out that makes you want to recommend them above another set except for the fact that you are getting 8 tabs rather than 5 tabs.
These look nice-- the colored tabs are bright and nicely transparent-- but the cardstock is thin and it seems like they're going to need reinforcements quickly. I guess they'd be fine if you're just going to use them on occasion, but if these are going into a binder that you'll flip through often, you can do better.
Face it, you are reading a review on tab dividers. I wish I could make this a fantastic piece of literature but that isn't going to happen. These tabs are exactly what they say they are. They are paper dividers with tabs and they work well for what they are. That being said, I really feel like they could have upped the thickness of the dividers themselves to they held up a little better. I don't foresee these lasting a long time in a binder you reference regularly because of how thin the material is. For an occasional use these are definitely good.
The Wilson Jones insertable tab dividers work to separate pages but they are definitely not of the highest quality. For occasional use only, I would recommend these. For daily use, I do not believe they will hold up. The tabs are assorted colors which are on the pale site and I find this attractive. Unfortunately, they do not line up evenly and that is bothersome. The dividers are simply okay, nothing more.
These insertable tab dividers match up easily against the standard dividers that students have been using forever. The big difference is that standard dividers usually come in a five or six pack, whereas these come in an 8 pack. For students, this allows a tab for every class as well as a couple of extra sections for students to personalize to their own organizational style.Like other standard dividers, the paper used to make these is slightly denser than regular notebook paper, but still rather flimsy. There is a reinforcement strip at the hole-punched edge, but it is still rather flimsy. These dividers would work fine for a semester's use, but I wouldn't expect them to hold up under heavy usage for a full year.
These are a good price/value for moderate use.  The dividers are not very thick but they do have reinforced holes. They have the standard write on/ slip in labels.I have bought these for my kids and find they do not stand up to high school use (shoving in and out of backpacks).  My kids also like there to be a pocket on the dividers so I have been getting them the Avery Big Tab Plastic Dividers which cost only a tiny bit more.  I use these myself and they are fine, but I am a little more careful with my folders.
If you are someone who works in an office, or works for someone else, or you are a super organized person, or need to be better organized &#8211; then these are an excellent way to improve your organization and keep your work easy to see and access.These WilsonJones tabbed dividers are made of sturdy, lightly colored plastic that you can see through. In this particular package, there are 5 SETS and each set has 8 tabbed dividers plus a white title page that you can use. Or better yet, you can go to the WilsonJones online website for free and print your own title page. The title page fits behind the last tabbed divided so that you can see through the tabs and know where each section begins.The only problem with this package was that out of 5 sets, 3 were damaged during production. On each of the three damaged sets, a divider was cut off leaving no tab for that particular divider. These were not broken off in packing, they were cut off in production &#8211; clean cut edges with no broken pieces in the package.So, if you purchase these, check them out and perhaps be prepared to return them for an undamaged package.
As noted by a variety of reviewers, when you order this notebook, please know that you will receive a color at random. We ended up with bright white. And, yes, you could end up with a pink one (which, understandably, will not be acceptable for those who require this for a more professional environment).These are just like you remember, so that means to be super careful with the metal spiral. Start playing with that and expect pulls in your clothing and backpack. (I had professors who did not allow these for that reason ... we had to buy marble composition books instead).The pockets are nice ... but as we all know, the do tear pretty quickly.
I like graph paper, and the reinforced end is useful. I also like the 4 grids per inch on one side, 5 per inch on the other. The paper is a standard 8.5" x 11", unlike some other notebook papers on the market.However, the paper is of an inferior quality. First, the grid lines are highly variable from one page to the next and the print job is not very good -- if you are doing precision work, definitely look elsewhere. Second, the paper is not high quality enough to prevent bleeding to the back when marker is used -- I think a higher pound paper would be much better.Overall, the paper is good but not great. I think better quality is available at this price point, perhaps slightly more.
So there's some good and bad here. The good: for the most part, it's powerful enough to sharpen well without bogging down like our old sharpener. Multiple guide holes are very useful, and the large, visible shavings bin is great. It holds a ton and you know when it's time to empty it - a task that's simple.Also, the thing has suction cup feet, so it doesn't slide across a desk or counter while it's in use - a great thing. And it sharpens to a point that's quite pointy, which is nice if you need to use your pencil as a self-defense device.The problem, as some other reviewers have pointed out, is that it tends to sharpen unevenly. I've had pencils come out with a 1/4" of graphite exposed on one side, and NONE on the other, making the pencil unusable. The solution is to let it spin a bit, rotating it around to try and get an even point, and that seems to help - though it's still not consistently cut, and can cause the graphite to break.All in all, if I'd picked it up locally, I'd consider returning it. On the other hand, it may well be that in the case of the uneven sharpening, as my wife and son said "they all do that." If that's the case, I suppose the large shavings container and suction cup feet make it better than others I've seen. And it's much better than the cheap consumer one we've had in the house for the last couple of years (which fills up too fast and bogs down constantly).So it's a "meh - it's ok" kinda review. The thing is good in some respects, but be prepared to figure out how to deal with the uneven sharpening.
I am a 7th grade teacher. I have a lot of students and a lot of pencils to sharpen each day. I've had this sharpener for 3 years, but I never let my students sharpen their own pencils. Why? Because they break it. I sent this sharpener to the "Doctor" two times and the last time it almost didn't make it back. Students looove to stick the wrong end of the pencil in or just keep the pencil in and sharpen it down as low as it goes. So I'm the only one that uses it now. Kids bring me their pencils between instruction and the system works great.But...the pencil sharpener...not so much. It's annoying because the "standard" size doesn't fit 99% of pencils. Standard sized pencils work great. However, when you go up to the next size, it's off center and it never truly sharpens the pencil straight and even. Some pencils, if they are the cheaper versions never get sharpened at all because they have that annoying piece of wood that goes all the way to the tip of the lead; some pencils we just have to throw them away. Not good.I spent quite a bit on this sharpener and if I had to buy again, I would pick a different one. One that at least sharpens straight for all sizes of pencils. I can't recommend this sharpener.
The Smead file folders with the reinforced tab are just okay.The pro of the reinforced tab is that it holds up better in the drawer and/or with use.The con is that the reinforcement is created with an extra folded down section along the top of one side of the folder and this "fold-over" effect is not securely held down with adhesive on every file folder.  This means that your papers can get snagged or caught under that fold and may crumple or rip if you don't pull them out carefully.  Since I only have one box I don't know if this problem is batch specific or an issue with the folders overall.So if you just need some folders to hold papers and you don't have any issue with them sometimes getting a little bent as they come out, they're fine but I'd rather have a box of folders where I don't have to worry about whether or not my papers are going to get caught coming out of the folder.
These are perfectly adequate file folders, but they are not made of particularly heavy stock, and I don't like the tab design, which is a double layer of paper.I would steer you towards the Smead SuperTab Heavyweight Folders, 14 Point, Letter Size, which I thought were excellent.
These folders are fine, they're strong, colorful, etc. But what I didn't know (but wondered about) when I requested them from the Vine program was that in order to use them efficiently you really need a 2-hole punch--and I might just order one (I saw one on Amazon for under $10) because I think the folders will come in handy. I'm a writer and a lot of times I file a printed hard copy of an article or chapters of a book and it would certainly be nice to have them bound into one of these folders. I tried to use my 3-hole punch, and I was able to make it work, but it took some experimenting (and you end up with a middle hole that you don't need) to get the placement right. And then, of course, then you want to return to 3-hole punching, you have to re-set the punches (not a hassle if you remember to mark where they go--but I didn't).Anyway, I won't gush about this product, it's a folder. But if I had a 2-hole punch already, I'd probably have used them all up by now. Maybe someone will offer the punch via the Vine program--and wouldn't that be nice :)
The colors are great and the fasteners are fine.... but the actual folder is a little on the thin side and is a bit flimsy.  I needed to alter what I was going to use them for because they do not appear to stand up well to a lot of use.
For a pack of fifty it seems to be a good value overall. However, the folders are very thin and will not stand up to muchheavy use or being overfilled. Also, you will need to buy a two hole punch to get any use out of these folders. I ended updonating them to my daughter's school in the hope they could better utilize them.
I really like the organizational features of these folders: the different colors, three different tab positions, and fasteners on both sides. I didn't rate it as highly as I could have due to the flimsy cardstock they used. They're okay for light files, but would be much more useful if heavier cardstock was used.
Compared to my dollar store packing tape, this tape was thicker, stonger stickier, and seven times more expensive.  If the cheaper stuff didn't work, I wouldn't mind paying more.  But for wrapping packages, the cheap stuff is good enough.  For libraries, the stronger Scotch tape may be the better choice.
I didn't find anything special about this product.  It's a clear tape that is similar (if not the same) width as clear packing tape and it also seems to be equally as thick.  In light of the fact that you should have a dispenser to use this tape, I simply didn't find it practical to use (I didn't have the dispenser).  I think I may have been more impressed with this product if the box somehow could have been fashioned to be the tape dispenser for ease of use.I used this product on a damaged hardcover book and a school folder that was falling to pieces.  It does provide adequate coverage however again; I didn't see how this product was any different from clear packing tape.  It's wide, shiny clear tape - that's it.Unless this product was priced significantly less than regular packing tape, I'd probably pass on this.
This is great masking tape, I'll give it that. It goes on well, it stays strong and it peels off easily with no residue.... No complaints on how it functions at all, my only complaint is the valuel. This tape is EXPENSIVE at $13.35 (as of 12/31/13) for a roll, I've had really good luck with the blue painters tape in the past and frankly there isn't enough difference for me to justify this premium in cost. For the price here you get tape that is 180ft long, if you compare that to blue painters tape from one of your local hardware stores you can get the same dimensions for around $6.It's good, but it is too expensive. If they would lower the price it would make sense for me to switch over to this tape, but at the premium they are charging I don't get any additional benefit that the current tape I use provides. Both behave nearly the same.
This masking tape is pretty good, working not just for painting but also for taping patterns to fabric instead of pinning them and also working well to bind a big box of previously loose and tangled computer cords into tidy bunches that are easily labeled. I did find it sometimes split down the center as it unrolled (you know, when some of it comes off the roll as you pull it and some of it stays behind) an unfortunate quality for tape. It's also sort of sticky on the sides, leading the sides to become unfortunately linty and unsightly looking. I do worry that now that my roll has gotten linty on the sides, it may compromise its effectiveness when it comes to making a sharp line for painting. I suggest keeping it in a plastic bag at all times when not in use.
I used this tape to mask on a particle board, and it help OK. I did have a hard time tearing it, which is a good thing and a bad thing. As usual, there is a trade-off.Overall, I prefer the blue painters tape for most applications: it does not damage the painted surface as this tape would. At the same time, this tape will allow you to mask long and straight lines much faster.I always considered the blue tape to be way expensive, but this tape is 1.5 times more expensive. Hence, in my opinion, the blue tape wins.
This filament tape is ok but it's really sticky and leaves residue on some surfaces sucn as plastic and glass tha thas to be removed with soaking and gum removers. I haven't been using it very long but I'm very concerned that in hot weather or temps that it is going to get baked on.
This tape works just fine.  I'm not a pro packager, just a casual shipper of things now and then.  The tape is very strong.  It cuts easily with a fairly dull scissors.  It doesn't bunch up.  But the price is a bit off the charts.  I'm sure for half the price, I can find something that will serve my purposes just as well.  If you ship many boxes every day, this might be a worthwhile purchase.  If you are shipping a thing or two out of your home every month or so that requires some heavy duty tape, I'd get something generic.
What you have here folks is one huge and heavy roll of tape that is reinforced with threads of nylon filaments running through the it.  However, right up front, am going to admit this is a rather unorthodox use for the product, but on the other hand people use tape all the time to fix things.  OK, this was the problem at hand.  Have a old CD player that's on the way out, and whenever I play music the songs skip like all get out.  Don't have the cash to replace.  After some strategic problem solving, realized the door of the player was not properly closing on the CD, and CDs were not secure enough to be scanned by the laser properly.So this is where this tape comes in.  Using around four long strips of tape, applied straight across the unit tightly so door closes securely, thereby holding the CD in place.  Made a big improvement, and although I cannot in all honesty say it eliminated all skipping (let's face it another factor is CDs that have been played many times and are damaged), it did make a huge improvement.Economically speaking however, price renders a very impractical solution being it costs around $3.00 less than the actual CD player.  Electrical tape, at 1/15th of the price (or less) would be your better bet) for fixing cheap CD players.  Two star off for price.  Who wants to pay almost $20.00 for tape?
I happen to also have a classic 1960s era Swingline stapler from the days when they were made in Long Island City, NY. That over 50 year old stapler still works well to this day. The new Commercial stapler from today's Acco/Swingline is, like most manufactured products, built in China to a price and in my view does not deserve the name Commercial. The old stapler has a substantial and attractively art deco styled cast base while the new one makes due with a quickly stamped steel cheaper alternative. The old stapler has a much easier way to switch modes between inward bending and outward bending rear legs. I could go on, but the point is that the modern version is not in any way comparable to its better made predecessor.
For an inexpensive stapler it works pretty well.Loads easily with regular staples, and I've tested it with items as thick as the cardboard on the back of a writing pad. It staples quickly and easily, and I've had no poorly done staples so far.It is solid, made of metal, and the parts fit together well. Functions smoothly. While it works well in the usual desk position, it cannot open up, like some staplers of this type, and function as a staple gun of sorts. That would be a nice touch to add.The only thing I don't like is the &#34;non-skid&#34; surface on the bottom. It is not rubber or something similar, but plastic, and slide around on smooth surfaces. It would have been much better to have a real non-skid pad on the bottom. A stapler needs to stay put, and the bottom slide around a lot. That cost a star.Staplers are not exotic items - they either work or they don't. This one works.
SWINGLINE 545 STANDARD STAPLER, 15-page capacity, &#34;ecofriendly&#34;, with antimicrobial coating ~Wow--what a mouthful for a lousy Swingline stapler. Just about everything's there already anyway. If it weren't for the word-count limit I'd leave it at that plus the star rating.However, as an aficionado of the Good Old School, I am a collector and avid utilizer of staplers. Heck, I got straight A's in stapling in college [go ahead, they laughed at me too]. However, no one laughs when they have a packet of papers from City Hall or the doctor's office and need it all stapled.This model is like all things Swingline extremely flimsy. There's no doubt it can handle, oh, around 13 pages (if you must) but one can't help feeling it will break in one's hands in the process of stapling. Anyhow, the &#34;magazine&#34; takes a full &#34;clip&#34; of staples, so that is always a plus at a busy stapling station like mine.I don't see Bostitch staplers anymore, nor do I like these short-lifespan things made of recycled materials. I am not against recycling, but I do wish we'd do it RIGHT.
This is not Swingline's best effort. Made of plastic unlike their better models, it works most of the time. Unfortunately, mine jams somewhat frequently. Another thing that I am not crazy about is that when reloading the staple tray, sometimes it is very difficult to get the top open. When it does come open, it can cause the remaining staples to fly everywhere.On the plus side, it seems durable, is inexpensive, and because of it's muted color, won't attract any stapler stealing freaks (or SSFs) in your office.
I have always used Swingline staplers at work and home, with SF4 Swingline staples and have always been pleased.  I was very surprised and disappointed when this stapler arrived and, using the same SF4 Swingline staples, it had trouble stapling through packets of paper that never gave my other staplers any trouble.  I am not impressed.For the same price or less, you can buy better quality Swingline staplers that feel better and work more consistently.  Unless you are never stapling more than 8 or 9 sheets of paper together, I would look elsewhere.  Currently the Swingline 44401 is the same price as this and works much better.Swingline Commercial Desk Stapler, 20 Sheets, Black (44401)
Ok, so this is a value pack and for $12 you get a stapler, staples, and staple-puller. It is a good deal. But the stapler itself is pretty cheap. I didn't think it would really matter, but I use this in a classroom and compared to the 3-4 other staplers, this one is noticeably cheaper. If you don't really care about durability, this is fine...it is a good deal, after all. But if you need durability, spend a little more money.
If you be doing lots of stapling and for many years. I would say you need to buy a Bostich. But if you are going to just do occasional stapling this Swingline Stapler Value Pack is for you. I have had a Bostich for years and never had any trouble with it. It is made out of heavy duty metal and is easy to load.For my husband, this stapler is fine. He is careful with mechanisms and appreciates the lighter weight of this stapler. It came with a box of 5,000 staples and a great staple remover.  He will be careful not to drop it and it fastens the paper tightly.I highly recommend this stapler if you just do occasional stapling but Bostich if you do quite a bit of stapling.
This Swingline Stapler is plastic and not the best unit made, however, I do keep it on hand for an extra stapler. It does a OK job stapling say 4 sheets together, as it is a lightweight and general purpose stapler.For my everyday stapler, I prefer a more heavy duty one such as the Swingline Commercial Desk Stapler:http://www.amazon.com/Swingline-Commercial-Stapler-Sheets-Black/dp/B00006IFKT/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid;=1398273837&sr;=8-2&keywords;=staplerFor occasional use and lightweight use, this stapler works fine. However, in an office or commercial type situation, this is not the best stapler.
This stapler does work well for now but it feels very lightweight and cheap that I don't expect it to last long. It is definitely not for heavy use and only for a more occasional user. It is a nice set with the staples included in the package, no need to guess what size to get. If you need a cheap stapler then this is a good buy and will last for a while just don't expect it to last for years.
These are pretty nice overall. Avery sends an instructional insert for help with formatting with various products from Microsoft, Corel, Adobe and Borderbound.  I'm using Ms Word 2007, so the instructions provided do NOT apply.  But I received HELP from Word and was able to easily create a text box for the labels.  The size you choose is up to you, as you are creating the box itself.  The text box holds a large version of the first letter of my last name.  If you go with a text box, you can use shading and color, rotation and other Word-preset options such as shadow and 3D.  You need some time to play around with it a little, use your imagination and see the endless possibilities.I do not like the relationship of text box to text.  It's simple to just use your spacebar to move text around the box, but it can also be more limiting that having separate fields. To duplicate text box from one label to the next, it is *not* as easy as Copy and Paste.  Perhaps in earlier versions of Word you will have no problem, as the instructions suggest.  But in 2007, when you copy the box it superimposes itself onto the original graphic and you must then drag it to other labels, each time.  Clipart, on the other hand, copies and pastes with ease (as will their other preset options - they copy as an entire label, not as separate text box/text parts).  Microsoft's clipart gallery is apparently very large, but you can also use your own art - you just have to add it to Microsoft's gallery.  Their ready-to-use gallery is basic, but I found a cornucopia for Thanksgiving.  You can also insert an image, which takes you right to My Docs.  I'm having problems with inserting clipart and images from My Docs, as far as adding return address alongside, as the text cursor ends up on the bottom right corner of the image, so the text does not fit on the label.  I've been trying to make this work using text alignment and direction, to no avail.  Frustrating!!Use your printer's highest quality settings, as suggested by Avery.  But make sure you allow the ink to dry for a good 3 minutes before touching, peeling off and applying, or the ink will come off as you apply.  NB : Cannot comment on how well color inks work on this gold foil, as I use grayscale printing exclusively.
Overall I am pleased with the Avery Address Gold Foil for Inkjets.  The gold foil look is perfect for applications where you want something snazzier than a standard white paper label; for example I expect these will be used as return address labels for my family's Christmas cards this year.  And Avery provides templates which make printing from common applications such as Microsoft Word a breeze.My only issue with these labels is that with my printer (Canon Pixma MP560) using OEM ink, smudging is an issue.  If you touch the labels immediately after printing they will be ruined.  Even after allowing the labels to sit for 30 minutes touching a moist finger to the label will smear it severely.  Now hopefully this won't happen too often in regular use, so for most purposes the Avery Gold Foil labels are an acceptable choice - if you are careful with them.
I used these for envelopes for a party. They didn't print out as easily as I'd hoped on our printer but they did work on a laser printer (even though they are marked for inkjet...which I have). That is why I gave a lower rating.Other than that, they were easy to use and I would buy again
These are very reminiscent of personalized quality labels available through mail-order. I was really excited to try them and was expecting professional results, as is the case with most Avery labels.Unfortunately, the instructions inside the packaging (the outer packaging does not declare this) reveal that these generally won't work with black ink. The instruction sheet makes such declarations for various printers as: "Use color ink cartridge only." "Use any color but black."  Black ink, which is what my printer has, sits on top of the labels and doesn't soak in. It eventually dries, but the text dries a lot thinner than intended, isn't very legible, scrapes off, and isn't color-fast. For anyone who just uses black ink cartridges, I recommend choosing another Avery label.Using someone else's quality printer, one with archival and color inks, I printed out sheets using dark blue ink. The ink dried and the results looked professional, but the ink also scraped off, especially in any large print areas (thin printing is more difficult to scrape off), and isn't color-fast. If you have a high-quality color printer and want to use the labels, here are some things I learned from the instructions and through trial and error: Use a dark color, but not the black ink cartridge. Choose fonts and images with thin lines (they seem to be more difficult to chip off). Let the ink dry for a few days prior to use. Finally, if you want added security when shipping, place tape over each finished label.I have used these for shipping purposes after putting tape over the label, but wouldn't use them as-is when shipping mail or packages, due to the lack of permanence. Non-archival-quality, temporary craft use is a possibility, however, such as to/from gift-wrap labels. They really are pretty labels, but the success of printing on them will depend greatly on each individual printer.
I've been an Avery labels fan forever. These were disappointing. The ink seemed to take longer to dry than on other sheets I've used before which resulted in some smearing (could only print one sheet at a time because they'd smear if I removed them from the printer right away or if another sheet printed out on top of them).For some reason my black ink didn't adhere.  The other colors were OK but plain black seemed to fade to a light shadow. Since the other colors all printed OK I am thinking it might just be my computer.Overall I wasn't as thrilled as I have been with all of my other Avery labels. I think I'll stick with white or clear going forward. The gold was nice for Christmas cards but I don't think it was worth the extra time and hassle.
Good tape, does what it's supposed to, bad dispenser.This tape is way better than a lot of the clear packaging tape that I've used. It's nice and strong so that it only takes one or two strips to do the job. The only thing that kept me from giving it a 5 star rating is the dispenser. Like most of the others it's real flimsy and awkward to work with.
VINE must have used this tape to package it, because I could not remove the bubble wrap from around it without my using all my super strength, tearing the bubble wrap, to the distress of all of my friends who love to sit around popping bubble wrap.Made in the USA (gosh, we make something besides guns?), twenty times stronger than acrylic tapes. With handy minimal text graphics hidden on the inside back of the label, way down inside the roll, in the back, illustrating the proper dispensation of this 3M product.'Pull tape through the' (rest illegible and/or covered by VINE sticker - I shall never know - through the what? through the night?)We also find upon this deep inside back label the explanation and documentation of the claim to be twenty times stronger, in letters tinier than my optometrist permits me to read anymore for endangering those tiny little springs which adjust my organic lens, but we discover there this claim is based upon ASTM #(rest too small to read).We are also warned the plaid design is copyright. We are not told what are the consequences of wearing this plaid in plagiarism, yet uncomfortably recall that horrible warning: Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid.Again in the small print we are told Made in USA with a copyright of the year 2000, followed by the information the 'Dispenser made for 3M.'Could this indicate that while the tape itself, twenty times stronger as it is than acrylic tape, is made within the USA (and territories? Could this include Puerto Rico? OMG! GUAM?), the dispenser might clearly have been constructed by child slave labor in China, Mexico, Ethiopia?The outside, top label I received differs from the one pictured upon this product page. It is simpler, and while declaring in small white print it is made in the USA, it bears no Stars and Stripes, as does this page. Also the tape itself is entitled: Scotch Shipping Packaging Tape.Now, we all know the hard way how much the Scots insist on being called Scots, and not Scotch, despite the 1890 Glenlivet Scotch Whisky Distillery Peat Worm Tube and the rest. Yet, what I want to know is what have I been sent; is this shipping or packaging tape, or some unholy hybrid? This product page indicates only Packaging, without the shipping. Have I therefore received a superior product, capable not only of packaging but also of shipping? Caveat Emptor!A handy phone number for such persistent questions, and even comments (hopefully far more helpful than any comment which graces these present pages), may be found upon the back side of the label, deep within the roll of the tube of the tape, in numbers much smaller than my optometrist permits me anymore to read.All other such helpful information has been concealed forever beneath the Vine program scanning sticker, including the continuation of the cartoon series describing the proper set-up and application of this equipment.Super strength for those important packages home; matches USPS regulations, and perhaps even FedEx and UPS as well. At nearly two inches wide and over 38 yards long (more precisely 48mm by 35 meters; I don't know why those Scots could not have gone the full fifty millimeters but they are famous for their stinginess . . .) this should cover heavily any package you may have for shipping, to such a degree a machete or small chainsaw will be required for any planned opening.After all, this is twenty times stronger than acrylic tape.At least the package I was sent says so, not this product page.My problem of course is getting all jammed up in the dispenser (made FOR 3M, but WHERE??!!) and cutting my fingers instead of the tape, and just ripping out the tape and cutting it with my teeth, what are left . . .I am so sorry VINE covered up the cartoons describing the set-up process, and that 3M made its help line number too small to see . . .Still, this is the tape for Superman when he packages up forever more those friendly Kryptonite cookies Lex Luthor keeps sending. Not even Superman can get them out again!Could we apply it to the digits of a troll typing hand?then and then alone could I declare it:Truly Great Tape!
Being someone who shipped anywhere from one to seven packages a day I like to think that I know my packing tapes.Typically I purchase my tape in bulk (eighteen to a pack) and I've had some really bad tape, stuff so thin and flimsy, it's like using cling film for tape. However this Scotch Super Strength is the complete opposite!It adheres to the boxes much better then 75% of the tapes that are out there.The sheer strength of it is amazing. You definitely can't rip or tear it by hand.The one drawback it has is it's dispenser. I am use to usingScotch's ST-181 Dispenserwhich works well. The dispenser that comes with this is definitely not intended for repetitive or constant use. I end up pulling and ripping a piece of tape the size I need and then sticking it on the package, instead of actually applying it to the box. With the ST-181 dispenser I can tape up a box in about ten seconds, with this it's about three times as long. So it's definitely not intended for serious use.So at the end of the day, it's awesome tape and I am considering switching to Scotch's Super Strength tape, but there is just no way I'll be using this dispenser.Pros:Made in the USA!Much stronger then the tapes I buy in bulk.Adheres to all types of package I've used it on (brown paper, cardboard, poly mailers, kraft mailers, Tyvek mailers).Does not rip or tear by hand.Cons:The dispenser does not do a good job at dispensing.
I've been using the heavy duty Scotch package tape (or as heavy-duty as clear tape gets) for years and I like it. I thought I'd give this a try to see what it was like, and it was pretty much as expected: It's nice to be able to tear it easily, but it's too light to really be effective on a package that one is shipping unless you use far more of it than you would with regular packing tape.In the long run it'll be far cheaper to buy a decent tape applicator/dispensor and heavy duty tape. The applicator makes it easy to use and you'll save money on the tape.On the other hand, if you need thicker, heavier office tape, this works fine.
I'm the packer of the family.  Not the Green Bay kind, but the "Have Tape Gun, Will Seal" kind. While conventional packing tape is super strong and I can seal small packages or large storage boxes quickly and economically with a gun, I was curious about this tear-by-hand product as even I have gotten some nasty cuts from the serrated cutting edge of a tape dispenser when I wan't paying attention.I received a small sample roll to review as part of the Amazon Vine program.  I compared its adhesiveness and strength to conventional packing tape.  Adhesion was comparable.  But strength is iffy depending on the package.  Because the tape tears so perfectly across its width (due to some molecular magic at 3M), if your package has any give to it, and is given a sharp punch/push where the cardboard flaps come together - for example the UPS person dropping another box on top of yours - the an across-the flap piece of tape just tears right open.  Does not happen with conventional tape.  Since this tear-by-hand tape is longitudinally strong, tape placed lengthwise along the seam should be fine.For medium duty work, I think this tape is OK (although expensive), and is great for around kids, since you don't have to worry about them getting cut on anything.
Since there is no dispenser to this roll of tape due to it's ability to be torn by hand, this means each time you pick it up to tear a piece off, you have to pull/peal (start) it off the roll by hand. In my experience, this always leaves a tiny corner of the tape which doesn't stick to the package - which makes the tape fairly easy to remove.
The tape itself is fine, good for sealing boxes or packages, and it's nice that you can tear it easily by hand, so that you don't need scissors to cut it, but I think it does need a dispenser or something, because the tape is clear, so it is easy to lose the end, which you will need the end for the next time you need to use the tape.I ended up putting a flag at the end of the tape, so that I wouldn't lose the end.I also would have preferred one larger roll, instead of two smaller rolls.  Just a personal preference.
If you work with tape a lot, then the convenience of being able to tear it by hand might trump all other factors. But as I only send a package occasionally, I still prefer tape that comes from a dispenser. Why? When you tear a piece, corners tend to stick up. This is hard to describe, but trust me, it's an annoyance, and it means that you might need more tape in order to secure something. Another disadvantage of going dispenser-free: Finding the edge with your fingernail. We've all been there.I'd only recommend this tape in environments where kids are running around, since it makes sharp dispensers and scissors unnecessary.
I will admit that when it comes to name badges and virtually any kind of label, I'm fairly easy to satisfy.  I use these type of labels mainly for labeling baked goods that I either send off as part of care packages or have out at bake sales, so I don't have to worry about the labels falling off or some of the other problems that occur when you are truly using them as name badges.That said, I think these are good quality.  I chose to write on them using craft markers and found it to be a nice surface.  They tried quickly and I didn't have any problems with smudging or bleeding.The most novel thing about these labels as I see it is the Peel-Away Design.  This means you can flip the sheet over and remove the badge with backing attached.  Obivously for my purposes this isn't incredibly useful, but I would be great if I were using them for a big meeting or event since I could see myself taking advantage of this to organize them better on a table so everyone wouldn't be reaching for the same 5 sheets.Overall, good quality and some interesting new feature updates.
[Update--2/5/13: I've gone through a dozen or more desk staplers in my life, most of them Swingline.  I came upon the "Series 747 Rio Red Business Stapler" while shopping on Amazon for a replacement for my previous stapler.  Originally, I had in mind the best at the lowest price.  But upon recalling the number of times I'd misplaced my old stapler or confused it with my wife's, this red big boy caught my eye.  The clincher: it was priced only moderately higher than similar "non-red" Swingline staplers (my records from Amazon show that I purchased it for $13.00).  The Rio Red is heavy, solid, reliable, and it performed admirably during the 26 months I used it.  But aside from the color, it's no better--in terms of performance, durability, reliability--than other models at 1/2 to 1/4 of its price. Big Red met its demise recently when it squirted out of my hand (i.e. I dropped it), landing on a hard-wood floor from a height of about 5 feet. Neither I nor a more mechanically-inclined, "fix-it," friend, could coax it back to life.  Still, as a stapler per se, it's a typical 5-star office stapler.  But the buyer should not be under any illusions that, apart from the color, there is anything remarkable, extraordinary, or "urgent" (how many more years can it remain in "Limited Edition"?) about the red stapler.  As for "value," I was initially surprised to see the currently inflated price, but then I was more surprised to note the price disparity between "Rio Red" and aStanley Bostitch All Metal Stapler B515-BLACK)(to which I've affixed red tape for purposes of quick identification).]Original review:I felt somewhat guilty about having in my possession an old grey tractor of a Swingline stapler, circa late '60s/early '70s, issued to me by a former employer.  So seeing this model as a Gold Box special was tantamount to my first experiences with parades and fire engines.  It's being hyped by the manufacturer as a special "Collector's Edition," as "Big Red," as a superbly constructed, supremely unique model representing the history of a company familiar to all.  The window dressing aside, I see no difference between this stapler and the company's other 747 Business Staplers.  But no doubt Swingline, like Apple and so many other manufacturers, has seen the profit potential of offering customers a multiplicity of colors (to remind us of our individuality, our special uniqueness, the tastes that are exclusive to us alone, enabling us to define a sense of personality?)Bottom line: this stapler is bigger, larger, more indestructible, more dependable than its predecessor.  Whether due to the stapler itself or Swingline's premium-priced new staples, this thing cuts through a stack like it was butter, providing a reassuring "click" that lets you know no further pounding, effort, repeated attempts will be necessary.  And the red color is sure to limit the number of times I can't find my stapler.  Finally, I feel a tremendous sense of relief in returning the institutional model that was never my rightful property in the first place.[True baseball fans will know the referent of "Big Red Machine."  There was Pete (when he still smelled like a rose), followed by Joe Morgan, followed by Veda Pinson, followed by George Foster, and batting fifth was Johnny Bench.  I'm afraid they relentlessly, repeatedly, ruthlessly mowed down Billy Williams, Ron Santo, Ernie Banks and my precious Cubs.  No doubt you'll find this stapler no less effective, but unlike a diehard Cubs fan you won't have to be a masochist to appreciate its inexorable march through your stacks of loose papers.]
of course you can also get several other versions of this here on amazon; this is AMAZON you know, and there are several other rubber band balls, and even a number of items sold as home-made rubber band ball make your own kits (a bag of rubber bands), and ok, so maybe some people want more consistent coloring or something, but hey, you get what you get and what's NOT to love here!?fun for all agesnot for babies, dogs and cats
Perhaps the rubber bands in the center of the ball will be of better quality because they have not been under stress, but the bands on the outside are of inconsistent quality. Many of them snap and break.
How much can you really say about a product like this? Do people really need to buy a premade ball of rubber bands? Probably not. However, for kids or those who like a bit of &#34;cute&#34; this is a good little gift item. (Although you may rethink if your giftee is of the inclination to bounce this off a wall!)I prefer loose rubber bands, rather than this ball, because they are easier to store in the drawers in my home office. So I put this in my kitchen where it's out and easy to access.Like that it has colored options. Size or individual band is OK for most of what we would use a band for.A few have snapped and it's too soon to tell how long these last, which, to me, is a critical factor. Rubber that drys out quickly or breaks defeats the purpose.
This is an extremely well built item.  Not only does it look professional, it feels that way.  However, for an average sized person, this is really not useful, actually hurt my back a bit putting my feet on them for an extended period of time.  However, it was useful for someone who doesn't have the longest legs.
I feel somewhat mixed about this product. For what it is supposed to do, it does it. Your feet are in a good ergonomic position. It comes all in one piece so there's no assembly. I can't recommend it for a few reasons, which are probably more personal preference, but worth mentioning. 1. It is steel - I don't know about you, but all my computer's electrical wires and plugs are under my desk. I just don't like the idea of mixing steel in an area of electricity. 2. It has a rough top to it. That's not a problem if you have it for work, but for home, it doesn't feel great barefoot or in socks. 3. It looks industrial. Probably nit picking, but aesetically it is lacking. I wouldn't recommend it, but that's just my two cents.
I have long looked for a well constructed foot rest that would improve my ergonomics at my home office.  This fits the bill in many ways with some draw backs.The wide platform allows for shifting of position while still supporting the feet.This is solid and well constructed.  This will outlast any plastic foot rest several times over.Adjusts easily  -- I have left the angle adjustment loose so I can rock my feet back and forth allowing for increased flexibility and comfort.Stays in place and does not walk along my carpet (unlike the lighter weight one I have at work)Since I use this at home I am often bare foot.  Unlike the one at work (which is plastic) I can not with bare feet slip my feet along the edge to reposition it.Overall, this is a much better footrest than the cheap plastic ones I have had at work settings.update 11/28/2010 --First of all I really like this footrest.  It has really made my home computer desk much more comfortable.The only draw back is the edges.  I have repeatedly scraped my feet on the edge of the footrest.  I put duct tape along all the edges and have not scraped my toes any more.  This is the one design flaw.  The edges are a bit sharp and some sort of guard along the edges should have been part of the design.I could see this not only scraping toes but also shoes.
This is a very standard white, three-ring binder, exactly like the ones that I have used at work and in school over the years.  It is sturdy, yet flexible, and the three rings open and close without difficulty.  But I do see one serious drawback, which could possibly be isolated to my particular binder. The plastic cover that wraps around the binder is very loose, particularly on the back side.In fact, this is the loosest plastic covering I have ever seen on a binder, to the point where a piece of paper tucked inside (between the white notebook and the clear plastic backing) might easily fall out of the back if turned upside down.  In fact, it doesn't even seem like the plastic cover does much good at all, as loose as it is.  This could be a defect with my particular binder, but it really doesn't hold up to other binders of its kind in the one regard.On the plus side, there are clear plastic pockets on the inside front and back. It's a simple feature but much appreciated. I can't tell you how many binders I have picked up over the years that lack pockets on the inside.  All in all, this is a decent binder, no more no less. It is certainly equivalent to any cheap white binder I might pick up at the grocery store.
This binder is adequate for storage only. It opens and close with ease but is too flimsy to withstand heavy use. The outer plastic covering provides a wonderful opportunity to make it your own by inserting individualized cover sheets. However the plastic overlay was attached in such a manner that it is obviously doesn't fit giving it a cheap and amateurish look. There are interior pockets and the binder will hold up to 275 letter sized sheets.While I appreciate that it is made of recycled materials and is PVC free, it has little else to recommend it. It looks and feels cheap and is unlikely to withstand the rigors of daily use. Fine for storage it is  otherwise unimpressive.
I really like this company's heavy duty binders.  Their basic binder is just that - basic.  It has decent rings which open and snap shut OK, and it feels like it won't immediately fall apart.Beyond that, it's a binder.  It does not feel cheap and the plastic material used seems a bit better than vinyl.  But on teh downside, it's a bit expensive compared to the competition from Avery or store brands.I would recommend this for light use, but it is pretty much the same as any other &#34;basic&#34; level binder.
I've tried the Wilson Jones Ultra-Duty 3-ring binders, and those were a step above these basic binders.Drawbacks:*Hinges not reinforced; susceptible to tear after repeated use.*Standard rings with serrated teeth; tend to misalign over time and snag paper.*Moderate thumb pressure needed at both tabs to open the ringsBottom Line:Pay an extra $1.78 and get the Wilson Jones Ultra Duty binders.  It's a low price to pay for more durability and ease of use.
Just you ordinary 3 ring white binder with clear cover. This binder has 3 round rings inside that have a trigger on each end to pull apart to open. Hard to close using triggers.  It is easier to close by pushing the center rings together, but be careful it can get your finger.
Assuming that you haven't discovered D-ring binders yet and still actually want round-ring binders, this one may handle the task.  But in this, I found a few things lacking.First, the cover of the entire binder (where you'd slide papers into to make a &#34;cover&#34;) isn't very tight, so instead of a clean and sharp, it looks like it's wrapped in the loose skin of an 80 year old person.  Second, the price.  At time of writing, this is just under 9 bucks.  I can find cheaper elsewhere.  And lastly, it's not D-ring.  Maybe a personal preference, but I can't personally see why anyone would want round ringers over D rings.As far as positives - it's a binder, it does its job, and the rings all open and close without coming misaligned, even stuffed with some notebook paper.  So, not entirely recommended, but it certainly can do the job.
This Wilson Jones basic round ring view binder is pretty much what the item title says - a basic binder that has plastic sleeves and pockets on both the outside and inside, where you can insert something. This is useful for business materials or identifying the contents. The plastic sleeves seem a bit flimsy, not likely to be too durable if your notebook gets rough treatment or heavy use. The round rings have opened and closed smoothly so far, and this binder has a pretty good sheet capacity, ideal for 3 hole loose leaf paper. This binder has a light feel to it, not as solid as some other binders I've used, while it seems like it will be sufficient for ordinary uses. The use of polypropylene rather than PVC is a positive step for the environment, while I would like to see the cost of these lower, as Amazon's present price is high for this basic type of binder. These are decent basic view binders, while they are not presently priced to compete with deals you can find on similar items from major office supply retailers.
This is a &#34;nothing special&#34;, standard kind of three ring binder. I use a lot of these for storing my ATC collection. I think it will hold up fine to the minimal usage I will be giving it. Not so sure it would last a school year though with a student.
It's not necessarily easy to pick and choose basic school or office supplies online. A lot of times, there are subtle differences in the way things feel or operate. I like to have the item before me so that I may better judge if it is for me. When you look at three ring binders, for example, you wouldn't think there would be much difference beyond size. But the Wilson Jones brand offers several different choices: Basic, Heavy Duty D-Ring, and Ultra Duty. What exactly is the difference?Basic (3 Stars): The Basic Round Ring View Binder is about the standard when it comes to these three hole binders. It is white plastic covered with a clear plastic covering (into which you can insert a title page or decorative art to personalize the generic binder). This clear plastic extends inside to give you two slots to use as interior folders. The three ring contraption, itself, is made of metal, has two metal tabs to open and close, and works exactly as you might expect. Although perfectly acceptable for most uses, the exterior plastic is a bit loose and sloppy and I wished it was a sleeker in design. I got the 1 1/2 inch version and I liked that sizing.Ultra Duty (3 1/2 Stars): The Ultra Duty Round Ring View Finder claims to have extra durable hinges. I'm not really able to ascertain what they are talking about with this assertion. I will say that the white plastic binder may seem a bit sturdier (not to a whole different degree, though) and the covering is better adhered to the product. The metal three ring contraption is slightly different. Instead of two metal tabs (one on each side), this has one plastic tab and is a breeze to open. I'm not sure if I think this is more durable, it seems a bit less so and I'd be afraid of breaking the tab. I picked up both the 1 1/2 and the 2 inch versions and, while those sizes were nice, one already had a noticeable dent (once again causing me to question its Ultra Duty moniker).Heavy Duty (4 stars): The Heavy Duty D-Ring View Finder also states it has that extra durable hinge. I don't know about that, but its feel and construction are similar to the Ultra Duty. The main difference here is the three ring contraption. It is set up as a D-Ring, meaning the right edge is flat and the left edge is curved. This is really good if you plan to use this as a tool for reading because pages lay flat and nice on one side until you flip them. There are two metal tabs to open and close the unit. Personally, I prefer the D-ring assembly because I think it keeps the pages more naturally ordered. I picked up the 1, 1 1/2 and 2 inch versions of this. This is, easily, my favorite as you get into the larger sizes. KGHarris, 7/14.
With four kids in school and college, we use dozens of binders every year.  I usually catch a sale at Walmart or an office store, and stock up.  Our sons especially are hard on binders, and we end up replacing them before the school year is done.This Wilson Jones 2 inch binder is perfect for most classes - it has the standard clear sleeve on the front and back, for labeling or decorating.  It has round rings with two levers on the ends to push for opening and closing.  It's the standard size to hold 8.5 x 11" papers.What I didn't like is the bendy covers - mine came already bent in the mail, which wouldn't bode well for daily use.  We'll stick with more reasonably priced binders.
I'll be using this for papers I need to refer to fairly often.  It looks durable enough for my uses.
This is a three ring 1 1/2" white binder. In normal circumstances there wouldn't be much to report... but compared to one I recently purchased at a local superstore, it really falls short in durability for the price. The Wilson Jones model is not as sturdy, the clear coat plastic where you would slide a coversheet  is not exactly "clear," it's more matte and that may affect someone's display quality.So overall it's a usable, functional binder, but woah(!!) the price really makes this poorly rated. If it were $1.99 I'd give it higher stars because the price matches the quality. However, it is "environmentally friendly" so up to you if you want to spend more for an okay product, but feel better about the environment.
This binder feels like it would squish more easily than most. The covers don't match up. The transparent plastic covering on mine is a bit too loose and wrinkled in places. It's not much to look at.The O-shaped rings are on the back inside cover instead of the spine, so your paper are less likely to get bent. However, the open/close mechanism is a bit hard to work.There is a pocket on the inside of each cover. They are transparent so you can easily see what's inside.This will hold your papers but it doesn't feel like it will last very long, and if you want one that has a nice crisp appearance, skip this.
This is your basic , everyday three round ring binder. Nothing outstanding.  PVC free.I think attaching the ring assembly to the back cover instead of the spine might make it a little stronger.  My personal opinion is this binder would be perfectly adequate for storage but I'm not sure how it would hold up to every day use by a student, especially in a book-bag. I don't know why they say the inside pockets are opaque.  They're transparent like the outer over-covers, 4 inches tall. They would be handy for an index card, contents list etc.  You can customize the front and spine with your own designs or labels behind the clear over-lays.It comes in basic blue, black and white. It had never occurred to me before but I suppose the binder size refers to the height of the rings not the width of the spine. I don't guess that's an earth-shaking difference  but it might make a difference if you're multiplying the width by the number of binders you can fit on a specific shelf. The width of this binder is actually 2 inches wide.
This is a huge cork/bulletin board, perfect for office and home alike. The quality of the board is top notch, with a nice gray frame that is sturdy and doesn't seem like it will break easily. It's heavy, so it needs to be secured to the wall tightly. Here's where the problems come in...The hanger system on this seems sturdy and fool-proof, but this fool couldn't make it work. There are instructions on how to hang it, so I followed them, only to find that the top hangers were a little loose. I did it again, and the bottom ones weren't straight. I've hung hundreds of items before and never had this issue. I tried a third time and got so frustrated that I just hung the dang thing with plain old drywall screws. It is now straight and secure to the wall without the use of the hangers it came with. I think the problem is... that instead of having to level one or two components of the piece, you have to get all four latches in complete harmony, or it is loose. Living in earthquake country, I didn't want to chance the slight difference. It is a heavy board and if it fell, it could deal someone quite a headache!The little plastic accessories that are supposed to be able to hold documents didn't work for me. I tried them forwards, backwards, on the side... none of the papers I stuck there stayed for more than a minute. I didn't understand the idea anyway... It's a bulletin board, a pushpin is easily pulled in and out to hang a doc.Overall, the board is great quality and I have found it of great use. However, the hangers have to be simplified for any future purchases.
This is suitable for the home office, which is where I have it. I have the one that is 3 feet wide and 2 feet high, which is probably larger than I need, and it seems much larger on the wall. The price seems unreasonable ($71 marked down to $43 as of 3/26/14) because the frame is plastic and the layer of cork is extremely thin. Anyone who is budget-conscious and handy might consider buying cheap cork tiles and mounting them on plywood instead. It comes with clear instructions, mounting hardware and two plastic semi-circles which can be used to hold papers without pushpins.I have three suggestions if the manufacturer ever revises this design. First, it can only be hung horizontally, and that may not be convenient for home offices that lack horizontal wall space. It should be an easy fix to make this hang vertically as well. Second, I don't understand why industrial-strength mounting hardware was used, when the board is so light that any Ook! picture hanger could hold it. That hardware also means extra work to measure with a level and drill holes...all unnecessary, really. Third, only two of the plastic clips are included. There should have been more; they are such thin and flimsy plastic pieces that I expect them to break in short order.Bottom line: if you have the money and the wall space and are comfortable fussing about with a drill to get four brackets into the wall, this bulletin board should work for you. It doesn't have a nasty cork odor, it looks professional, and once affixed to the wall it should stay forever.
If you do any research at all on the best way to control of your tasks, you will find that the old pen and paper still rank at the top.  I'm a huge fan of making lists and I'm always on the lookout for the next best product.This notebook is not bad, it's simply not as good as what I already have used - the At-A-Glance products or the Bob's Your Uncle products.  It's not as sturdy as those products and the paper isn't as thick.Of course I will put it to use, but it would not be something I would purchase once I've used it. Angela Risner 2014. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from Amazon or Angela Risner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Angela Risner with appropriate and specific direction to the original content.
I picked this up because I'd used (and loved) someone else's version. This was decent, but not nearly as good as the other one I'd tried.Good points:- The page and date boxes across the top make it great for note taking when you're going between meetings, since it's easy to keep everything neat and straight.- The open box to the left of each page and lines to the right give you a lot of flexibility in how to take your notes, or the ability to run two easily distinguishable lists cleanly and simultaneously.- The lines come pre-numbered (1-28), which means this could easily be used like a day planner to track appointments (using military time), and can be a real time-saver depending on what kind of lists/notes you're working with.- Being spiral bound and having the pages marked on both sides maximizes the convenience of use and ability to use all the space efficiently.Not So Great:- I'm not a fan of whatever the cover is made out of - it has a weird, somewhat unpleasant feel and seems like it won't hold sticky notes, etc. as cleanly as other styles of cover.- The pages are very thin. I'm not usually a stickler about paper, but all but the lightest writing clearly shows through to the other side, making it harder to read. Using any kind of bright color further exacerbates the visual chaos.- The ink on these pages is an odd tone. It doesn't look subtle so much as faded. Again, not a huge deal but noticeably off when looking at the page.All things considered, this is highly functional but I won't buy it again. The little things add up to just enough that I'll try someone else's version instead next time.
While it sounds like a great idea to have an action planner notebook, this notebook is too large, with thin paper, making it less than practical. If Mead made a version half this size, it would be worth keeping around.
The paper weight on this thing is roundabouts of standard printer paper, with a touch more weight to it. The 80 sheet notebook weighs as much as a typical 100 sheet notebook. Ballpoint ink doesn't bleed through. Gel and fountain pen ink feathers like mad in the broader nib sizes, as well as bleeds through. Gel and fountain pen ink in finer nibs don't feather as much, but they certainly do bleed through. I don't press down very hard, but this paper is hyper absorbent, so it seems to suck the ink straight out of my pen.If you want a heavier duty paper in an notebook that looks nice for business, go for theRhodia Notepads Graph Black Wb 8.3 x 11.7. No pen will bleed through, and you can do whatever you want with the space available. They also come in side bound if you prefer that sort of thing.
I was kinda disappointed that Mead chose to make this notebook wide-ruled. Apart from that, this would otherwise be an excellent notebook.
Most of my to-do lists are inputted via various software programs on my computer so I can easily update them and then print them out and/or save in PDF form for access on the fly.However, there are some personal projects, etc. for which I still use old-fashioned paper notebooks or lists, notes, etc. (I love Moleskine but oh, my, the prices.)I like the size of this notebook. The format works for what I call &#34;mind-map dumping&#34; (basically free-flow listing of ideas for an indivdual topic, project, etc.) that allows me to add bits on the fly. It's great for keeping track of top-of-mind stuff and miscellaneous bits I want to use for a project, idea, etc. (It's a paper take on MS One Note, if you will.).I would tend to use the whole notebook for a multi-faceted project (interior design ideas, a year's worth of gift ideas, etc.) and inspirational stuff.It gets three stars because the paper used for individual pages is thin and any kind of ink bleeds thru to the other side, making the &#34;back&#34; page unusable. I've switched to using colored pencils and using this for journaling (text) and hand illustrations. I would prefer using my super-thin tipped Sharpies but they bleed thru.If you are aware of its limits, and not expecting this notebook to replace an electronic format, it can be a frequently used tool to capture and store data, bits, etc. that is easily accessible (no electricity or charging required) at home, in the office or on the fly.
I've always been a fan of the TOPS Daily Agenda. Thought this may be an alternate but decided this is too generic for my needs.
I guess I don't know exactly what I was expecting, but this wasn't it.  I guess I was hoping for a way to organize projects, make shopping lists, categorize to-dos... but this is nothing more than a lined notebook with a divided space for extra notes.  Of course, I could use it to do all those things, but I could also use a $1 notebook from walmart or a $3 journal from Barnes and Noble for the same purpose.  It does look a little more professional, but no more useful than a simple notebook you could pick up anywhere.
I have been using this notebook as my &#34;brain dump&#34; location for the past week, and for the most part it's pretty great. I've been experimenting with the Bullet Journal system and that's what I'm using this notebook for. If you haven't heard of it, google it. It's just a method for note taking and to-do lists that really makes sense and the guy who invented it has a free website that explains everything.Anyways, let's just do a quick list of pros and cons for this notebook to keep things simple.PROS:1. Nice design that gives a little more structure than a normal notebook page, yet enough flexibility to change things up. Each page has a header section divided into five boxes, two of which are labeled &#34;page&#34; and &#34;date.&#34; This works perfectly with the bullet journaling system because you always want to put the date at the top and number your pages so you can add them to the index later. This would also be helpful if you were keeping notes on a college class or had other reasons to keep track of notes on certain page numbers.2. The rest of the page is divided into two columns. The left column has a very small &#34;notes&#34; header and is blank (no lines) The right column is lined with numbers 1-28 down the side. The lines are approximately the same size as wide-ruled paper, which I saw some people didn't like, but I actually like that for to-do lists. It keeps things from getting too cluttered.3. Each page is perforated, so you can remove it, but they are not going anywhere unless you want them to. The spiral binding is solid and holds each page securely unless you really want to remove it.4. Each page has an identical layout, front and back, so you can do double-page spreads with no problem.5. I like the size of this notebook. The paper is about half an inch bigger than a standard sheet of lined paper, so more room to make notes.CONS:1.) I hate the &#34;Cambridge Limited&#34; logo on the bottom of every single page. This distracts me and feels intrusive on my thought process and it just makes my page look messy. I don't like it, not at all.2.) Having the numbered list go to 28 is fine for &#34;to do&#34; lists or creating a calendar for the month of February, but having it go to 30 or, ideally, 31 would make it much more flexible. I like to have a calendar page for each month and the numbered list isn't long enough to do that without handwriting the numbers in.3.) Paper is just normal paper, and not very heavy. My ultra-fine sharpie pen bleeds through like crazy. My regular ball-point pens are okay but still leave some indentations on the paper that show through the other side. Pencil would be no problem, though.FINAL THOUGHTS:This notebook has some really nice features and I will be happy to use it until it's filled. It's not perfectly suited to what I'm trying to do with the bullet journaling (planning to get a Moleskin graph paper one next time for that) but I can see this being an especially great fit for a college student who needs to take notes on classes. It's awesome for dumping your brain at the end of the day and at the time of writing this review it's on sale for around $5: I definitely would pay that for it. But $10 is pushing it, especially with that Cambridge Limited logo at the bottom of each page. The logo is really what cost this notebook major stars from me.
At first I really liked the idea of having these large, 8.5x11 sheets of sticker/label paper to allow the freedom of creativity to design your own stickers. But my enthusiasm was tempered by the fact that I'd have to cut the stickers out--not too easy to do if creative projects lead to irregular shapes.This is essentially one sheet of label paper without any diecuts to allow easy peel-off from the sheet--easy to imagine for anyone who's ever used any of the great Avery products. Just keep in mind you'll have to do your own cutouts. My wife is an elementary school teacher, and she's using the sheets for customized stickers. It's good for her to use. She says her students wouldn't have the eye-hand coordination to anything other than fairly uniform, rectangular cutouts, and that they would probably leave a lot of wastage.Nevertheless, the product is good as one among a large portfolio of all kinds of Avery choices.
I don't know why these are classed as heavy weight protectors. The covers towards the back of the box were jammed up against the box itself, and were bent and floppy. When taking the covers out of the box, you are presented with a smooth surface, which makes cleaning up spills very easy. This is extremely useful in a kitchen setting, when you end up dropping ingredients onto your recipe pages. They do function as necessary, but are way too thin for me to consider them heavy duty.
What can I tell you about these sheet protectors?  One main thing comes to mind: They are not HEAVY WEIGHT!  When I think of heavy weight I expect a heavy-grade thick plastic that will be more durable than their 'regular' counterparts.  What I received was thin standard sheet protectors that cannot be overloaded for fear of collapsing or tearing.They are used in our home for the purpose of the children's various reports throughout the year and as a catch all for my couponing when I am not in the mood to sort.  They are great for the reports if the actual papers are not over 10 sheets.  For individual sheets the plastic is rather thin and will only provide protection from smears or spills; not actual blunt objects.Recommend if you understand that these are just basic thin sheet protectors and not thicker.  IF you need them, then you will find they are perfect but do not expect them to be of a higher quality.
The sad state of my personal filing system finally motivated me to upgrade to the Smead Classification Folders in assorted colors. Unfortunately, these folders have several drawbacks. Here's a quick sum up:-This type of folder requires a two-hole puncher so you can attach papers to the sides of the folders, using the metal fasteners. As long you are fine punching holes in the papers you intend filing, it doesn't matter, but obviously this wouldn't work for some documents.-The files are marketed as sturdy, but in my house files tend to migrate everywhere: Under the bed, on top of tables, in closets, in clothes drawers (sorry to confess that). After a month my files are showing definite signs of wear and tear, and I think they would last about a year. If your files will be spending their life in a file cabinet that's one thing, but if you will be handling them often, this may not be the right choice.-I like to fill my files with things other than papers, such as stuffed envelopes I intend to mail later, and books of checks. The open sides and overall design of the Smead files make this kind of filing impractical.-Far too high a price for only 5 files, considering the drawbacks and the lack of true sturdiness if you are going to handling them a lot.In conclusion, not worth the asking price unless you have very specific projects that would benefit from the fastener set-up. If that is the case, bump the rating to 4 stars. Otherwise:GRADE: B-
This is a great time of the year to get these Smead Dividers/Folders for organizing those papers that are forevermore accumulating and getting lost.  Get them organized in these coloful folders, labeled and put away where you can find them later in the year.  They are super strong so you will not have to worry about them getting squashed or wrinkled in the drawers.  Just right for your hanging files or pretty on a shelf. Mine came from Amazon at just the right time!!Smead 100% Recycled Classification Folder, Letter, 2/5 Right Of Center, 2 Dividers, Green, 5 Per Pack (14057)
It's hard to know exactly what to think of these folders.  For a product such as this, my judgment critera are utility and durability. How easy are the folders to use, how well do they suit my intended purpose, and how will they stand up to sometimes rigorous office use?Taking the second criterion first, the folders are very sturdy and very well made. The outsides are made of tough cardboard-like material that is unlikely to wear significantly even under heavy use. The inside dividers are naturally somewhat less heavy, but more than adequate for the simple duty of separating papers. The prongs used to hold papers punched with two holes at the top are often the weak point; if they are opened and closed constantly to remove and insert papers, they might be subject to failure from metal fatigue. While I haven't used the folders for a long enough period of time to see if this will indeed happen, it looks unlikely. The prongs seem strong enough to last, although pliable enough (just about) to not be difficult to use. Overall, then, I'd have to say that the folders rate right at the top for durability.Unfortunately, I can't say the same for utility. The design of these folders seems a little strange. There are the aforementioned metal prongs; there's nothing really new here. There are two dividers, allowing papers to be stored in three groups or sections. Again, nothing really new.What is unusual is the combination of interior dividers and prongs. How is this supposed to work? It would seem, offhand, that you can only use the prongs to hold  papers in the third, backmost section of the folder. However, the dividers are cut so that you can slip them between pages that are held by the prongs. But would you really want to do that? It would make access to interior pages quite difficult. Or, perhaps the idea is to use the folders one way or another: Use dividers to separate sections of pages, or ignore the dividers and secure punched sheets with the prongs. But that leads to the next problem.There are no side walls on these folders, and there can't be any, because then using prongs to secure pages would be difficult, perhaps impossible, and pointless. But if you store a lot of pages--- enough to justify sectioning--- wouldn't you rather have side walls so that the pages don't potentiallly spill out when the folders are carried, or while being removed from often-jammed filing cabinets?In short ,the folders seem like a compromise design, attempting to combine two different usage styles, and ultimately falling short at both. I think you'd be better off buying separate, single-purpose folders. I'm not going to be using these except for casual purposes. For general office usage, I'll turn to other options.
If you are looking for a file that will allow you to sort receipts or other small papers by month, then this folder would serve your purposes.  It stands squarely on the floor and is not easily tipped over.  It would also sit on a desk squarely.  I didn't read the description very well and did not realize that there was no flap which would fold over and enclose the file.  So, if you are not able to sit this file in a place where it will not tip over, I would look for another file.  As for how it is made--it is very sturdy and stretches out accordion style very easily.
When the description for the product said "leather-like" and "desk-top organizer", I was expecting something heavy with some kind of faux- leather finish. This organizer is sturdy, but entirely of the same standard cardboard material most expandable files are made from. The "leather" design printed on the front and back isn't even slightly convincing or particularly attractive.It is convenient to have the open top with no flap in the way, and I have found it to stay neatly upright and in place on my desk with worries about tipping or spillage. I usedPost-it Durable Hanging File Folder Tabs, 2 Inches, Angled, Ideal For Hanging File Folders, Assorted Bright Colors, 24 per Pack  (686A-1BB)over the monthly tabs. I found the built-in tabs inconvenient to read unless I was standing up over the file box, as they sit below the top edge of the file.My biggest complaints about the product are that it's just the slightest bit too narrow to put file folders in (much too narrow for anything like a regular pocket folder) and that smaller pieces or scraps of paper that settle to the bottom of a pocket are difficult to fish out. Papers need to be securely stapled or paper-clipped together before going in if you want to easily get them all back out.Overall, it isn't bad and will do the job. In the future, though, I will definitely steer clear of the "leather" finish.
Well, this is a decent enough file holder.  It holds files, is reasonably sturdy, and the faux leather look is quite attractive.  However, I found that it has some sticking points that I'd consider to be problems.  First off, the company advertising makes a big selling point of how this folder has no flap and how convenient it is and all, and it sounds good at first, but it's actually not a good thing.  You could never take this anywhere without putting a couple giant rubber bands around it to keep it closed because all your stuff will fall out.  Also, it doesn't balance too well on its own, so expect to have to prop it up against something on your desk.  Not being able to stay upright on it's own wouldn't be too much of a problem if it had a flap to keep it closed and your stuff inside it, so you can see how much of a problem this is. Also, the folder is already pre-labelled with months of the year so if you want some other labels you'll have to attach sticky labels to it.  It would've been nice if it had been left blank so the customer could write in their own label, or if it had come with blank sticker labels to fill out.  That would've been a bit more convenient.  So, anyway, it's a decent enough file holder, but the lack of a top flap was a lot more problematic than I'd originally foreseen, so I don't think I'll be using this much.
I like it all right, but I'm not crazy about not being able to change the tabs.  They're printed directly on the dividers.  However, it's sturdy, well made, and holds what I need it to.  The only other thing I would change, besides the tabs, is having some sort of cover on it.It bugs me like something will slip out of it or something.  Also, it's not really "leather-like" in any way.  It's a very typical brown expanding file.
Not sure why it is a leather-like description, since it is made up of the typical cardboard material with a leather design rather than material. This has the months stamped on each of the 12 tabs, and holds letter sized papers. The major disappointing feature is that it lacks a latching top cover, and unless the file is stable enough to stand upright, can pose a threat of dumping at a moment's time. I used string to correct the shortcoming but it is more of a hassle than anything else. This would be more functional in a safe or box container where it cannot topple over.
There is really nothing special about this stapler.  I basically quit using staplers some time ago as I found them frustrating and unreliable.  I thought I would try a new one to see if I liked it any better.  This one is just like the one I had 20 years ago.  This is not to say it is a bad stapler, it is just a plain lightweight stapler.  Nothing new or modern about it.  It does not come with any staples which is a disappointment.
I like the quality of this stapler when compared to other models, but it isn't as heavy duty as older Swingline staplers. I remember being able to pick my mom's stapler up at work, and it felt like a mini-brick. The old one I use in my office does too.This one is nice but perhaps not nice enough to merit the initial investment and the need for special staples unless you are super attached to the brand and model.
I did intend to hammer on this thing and it did do what I expected, it jammed.  Once jammed hard, it seemed easier to jam with staples, must be a slight bend.  The movie Office Space joked about the famous &#34;red stapler&#34;, but the reason that resonated with most office folk, is because it's true.  The old staplers were made so well and with better steel, they did not bend or jam easy.  My dad had some of these and I've seen them at past offices.  The crime is this one is probably the best you'll find, and if you take care of it personally, and don't pound it with your fist, or try and join 50 sheets of paper, it may last a while before it gets bent.  For this low price, they will probably never make the nearly indestructible ones of the past, so be content.  Recommended, there's nothing else near this price, and it's not bad, it's just not indestructible, like the legendary &#34;red&#34;.
I had a Boston Sharpener that looked just like this one.  I had had it for 20 years and it worked really well.  Finally it gave out and I got this one which looked to be pretty much the same thing... I think Xacto even bought out Boston.It isn't the same but like everything now a days quality is in decline.  I think I'd have had to pay $50 or $100 for the same quality unit as I had had before... and I just didn't have that kind of money to spend on a pencil sharpener that I may or may not like if you know what I mean.The motor just does not feel as powerful.  It takes longer to sharpen a pencil.  It says it has an auto shut off and it does but it is not as easy to tell with this model as it was with my other one... it's a very subtle sound and feel on this one.  This one gets hot faster than my other one so I can only sharpen 7 pencils before I feel that I need to stop and let it "rest" before it overheats and stops running.I also note that the pencils don't seem to get sharpened all the way on one side, you have to twist them half way through a sharpen to make sure all sides get sharpened to a point if that makes sense.So while I am disappointed with the quality I think this is the best you are going to do for the price.  If you want better quality you will probably have to pay extra for it.
Henkel EZ Start Carton Sealing Tape with Dispenser is a different type of packing tape with a design that makes it easier to use than other packing tape. The manufacturer makes this tape with a no frills, no frustration design that makes it easy to seal boxes and other like items.Henkel EZ Start Carton Sealing Tape with Dispenser is certainly different from other packing tape in several important ways. Among the differences, the one you will notice right away is the way the tape releases itself from the roll. It dispenses with almost no effort and no sound. Other packing tapes are more resistant and they come off the roll with a loud, almost painful ripping sound. There is no such problem with Henkel EZ Start Carton Sealing Tape with Dispenser. It comes off the roll with almost no effort at all.Another important difference with this tape is the tearing of the tape. The dispenser does have a nice, handy cutting bar, but the truth is, you don't necessarily need the tearing bar. The reason is due to the ease of tearing this tape. It is very easy to grab an edge, between the fingers, and tear off a piece of tape. Other tapes are tougher and are manufactured in such a way that a metal bar or scissors are necessary to cut the tape, but there is no such need with Henkel EZ Start Carton Sealing Tape.The above qualities certainly set this product apart from the rest, but this tape isn't without its flaws and the greatest among them is getting the tape started. As you grab an edge with your fingernail, the tape slowly lifts up, but if you lift it too quickly, it will start to tear vertically and this is due to the ease of tearing described above. When this happens, you then have to grab the other edge and lift it up, slowly, until the two sides meet. Getting it started takes effort and patience and because of this problem, consumers should always store this tape by having it stretched out over the cutting bar. If the tape is permitted to fall back in place, touching the roll, it will have to be started again, and this could lead to the same problem just described.One other potential problem with this tape is its overall strength. It has no problems when used to seal boxes, but because the tape is so easy to tear, it doesn't have the diverse abilities of other packing tape. With other, stronger tape, the tape is strong enough and the adhesive sticky enough that the tape can be used for a multitude of purposes. This tape can only be used for its intended purpose and little else.Henkel EZ Start Carton Sealing Tape with Dispenser is, overall, a good product and it does succeed at its main purpose, which is using it for packing and sealing boxes. Its performance is satisfactory when used in this manner, but its overall use is limited and there are other, similar tapes that work just as well and for a lower price.
This is a very good, mid-weight packing tape that has a nice holding range for assorted temperatures. I generally buy Scotch moving and storage tape in a 4 pack, which is a comparable weight and also temperature resistant. It is about a buck more for a 4 pack of it than it is for this little roll. Of course you can buy the 4 pack of this tape for a far more reasonable price, still a little more than the Scotch, if you have a particular fondness for this brand. Myself, I can't really see much difference and will likely just go with whichever is cheaper when I next have the need.As for the dispenser, it is pretty much the standard dispenser for this size tape and is fine for what it is.Tape is nice but the price here is way too high - Not Recommended.
I like this tape, and it is thicker and requires less than the 3M heavy duty I use. However... it's not enough thicker that it begins to justify costing as much as it does. To be fair, I normally buy packing tape in packages of 6 or 8 rolls, so it's not fair to compare the per-roll price to this item, which is one roll.However, unless the price is radically different, I think that this isn't justified. When I need really strong packing tap I use the kind with what look like fibers/strings in it and only where I need it. For other areas I use transparent tape. The stuff I normally use isn't as thick as this but it's thick enough and cheap enough that that makes up for it if I need to use twice as much.I don't dislike this tape, and if it's available in larger packages at a significantly reduced per-roll price, I'd get it.
I guess if you don't have space for a larger dispenser like the Duck Brand Standard Tape Gun with Foam Handle, (Includes 1 Roll of 54 Yard Standard Tape) then you can pay about the same price for 22 yards in the throw away dispenser that isn't very sturdy.So, if you have to travel with packing tape, or want your packing tape to fit into a small drawer, then buy this.  The tape is high quality, thick, is easy to unstick from itself.The plastic dispenser is a bit flimsy though.So, go with a larger tape gun if you are able.
It is a tough tape as you would expect coming from Duck Brand but you pay premium for the strength.  So if you need a wide temperature range  and high tensile strength for your packages then go with this. I do think it'll guarantee your package arrives in one piece (barring crushing).  If you don't need it then Scotch makes a comparable tape for far less.That's about all I can say about it.  It's Tape.
I had expected this sorter to be of the accordion type with sides.  It does expand but there are no sides.  I suppose this is fine for a quite organization if you plan to move files elsewhere.  Without sides the potential for items to fall out is great.  Think carefully about your purpose before purchasing.  It your application would do better with sides, rather than an open file, look elsewhere.
First off this sorter is very well made and the burgundy color looks great. But I wasn't sure how to use this product and most of the negative in this review is about that. In case you were wondering, this is not a binder. Nor does it have pouches for the individual folders. In other words, it's strictly a sorter and doesn't keep papers from falling out. There's a hole through each of the individual folders, but I'm not sure what you would do with that hole, or why it's there.So I'm not sure how you could use this other than to literally sort papers. But making sure the papers never fall out is up to you (like you'd have to use an external rubber band or something like that).Also, in case it matters, there are certain alphabets that are doubled up in one tab: IJ, NO, PQ, UV, and XYZ. All other tabs are individual alphabets.If you can figure out how to use this sorter, then go ahead and buy it. Otherwise, I wouldn't recommend it.
This is not at all what I thought it was going to be - in a word, something really useful. I suppose I imagined something with rings, like a binder. This &#34;device&#34; is useful to an extent - for example, sorting loose paperwork on your desktop, but isn&#8217;t useful if you need to carry that paperwork with you. There is nothing that will keep the paperwork from slipping out of the sorter other than the pressure of your palm. So for something you leave on your desk, it works great&#8230; for carrying around, not so much.I really do not see many applications for this so-called file sorter as there are other, better ways to sort papers. You can't even set this thing upright without the risk of things falling out and if you're going to run that risk why not just use an expanding file folder that will at least keep things where they're supposed to be, or stacks of plastic trays? I suppose it's a matter of preference, but really, I don't get it, and the three stars is me being generous.
The Wilson Jones Favorite Desk File/Sorter is solidly build and pretty roomy.  It's hard to tell from the photos, but the spine of the folder opens up like an accordion so it will fit a large number of documents.  Unfortunately, it doesn't come with any way to actually secure the documents so I had to buy a set of large, file folder bands to strap the sorter shut to make it it more portable.  It's easiest to just keep it flat on your desk or tucked away with the spine facing down to make sure that your files don't fall out.Overall, it's a nice-looking file folder, but I feel it wouldn't be hard to find a better organizer for the same price.
I'll admit that I should have read the description more closely, I'm saying that straight off.  I thought I was getting a nice binder with pockets and bright colored index tabs that I could use to sort my important papers that I want to keep on hand without worrying about them falling out of the pockets.What I received was a well made binder that has pages in it with tabs on them.  You still have to use files with this, so basically it's supposed to be a filing cabinet I think?  I'm not sure what the benefit of it is, other than a way to sort of keep a bunch of manilla file folders corralled in one place.  Nicer than snapping a rubber band around them.  But it doesn't secure the folders or files in any way, there are no pockets.  Also, the tabs are already labeled with a letter of the alphabet, so there's no personalization at all.  The front is pre-printed with the words &#34;Wilson Jones Favorite Desk File/Sorter A-Z Index&#34; etc on the front, so it's not that attractive either.Cons:  Everything abovePros:  It's made of good materials, looks like it would hold up well for, well whatever it's meant to be used for.
This file sorter is handy for my office desktop. I used it to contain the clutter of papers that were related to items on my daily to-do list.What I liked:- It expands to hold a lot of papers.- There are alphabetized tabs.- Tabs are laminated, so they won't get dog-eared right away.- Made of sturdy hardboard cover, and heavy paper dividers.What I didn't like:- I wish I could change the tabs. I didn't really use the letters.- There are no pockets, so it's fine for keeping papers on a desktop, not so much for carrying around.I was confused as to what the 1 inch circle hole was for on each divider page. Perhaps it's part of some great feature that wasn't explained in the packaging. Inquiring minds want to know.
I have a filing cabinet, but wanted something for files I work with frequently every day. I thought this would work well because it's smaller and would keep my files "at hand." It doesn't work as well as I'd like, though, due to the design. My papers tend to fall out too easily, causing me to spend more time reorganizing. Great idea, but needs a little more thought regarding the design.
I tend to be a highly organized person, and recent life events have me getting a bunch of paper work organized. As a result, I thought I would give this product a try. Unfortunately, I don't necessary like the design, but I think it depends on how you use it.Calling the &#34;burgundy&#34; is a stretch. It's red. I wish the text on the lower right-hand corner of the front cover were smaller or placed inside the cover. The cardboard is very heavy, but can still be torn. The cover is pressed with a texture.There are 20 tabbed pockets, labeled with the alphabet. The following are doubled-up: I+J, N+O, P+Q, U+V, and X+Y+Z. While I understand why some of them are doubled-up, I wish they were all separated, because it makes filing actually a bit confusing.What I don't like about this folder is that the sides aren't sealed. From my perspective, this is meant to be used in one of two ways. You can either leave it on the desk, and place items into the appropriate tab and close it. Or, you can place it into a deep desk drawer, and drop papers into the appropriate tabs, although the letters aren't really positioned for that use, since they would be sideways at that point.The folder does expand quite a bit, so even if you had it lying on your desk, you could probably add quite a few documents to it. It's basically an according design, and seems to expand comfortably to about 10 inches. Of course, it would become difficult to move at that point, without potentially spilling its contents. You really need to be mindful that the sides are opened.Will I use this? Yes. Is it what I wanted? Mostly, but I think it could be a bit better. I wish it were more durable, that the tabs were completely unique for each letter, and that the sides were sealed. It's not bad, but could be better.
While I did find the E-Z Turn a huge ease. I felt that opening the rings were too stiff. I findthat with binders the problem it two fold. The turn of the page and the stiffness in openingthe rings. This product would have been perfect if they had combined the E-Z Ring concept with theE-Z open concept. There are some binders that have a sliding bar to make it easy to open and this would have really made this product 5 stars. The product includes 4 nice inner pockets and you couldslide magazines into which is very handy.
I  am an educator and documentor who uses vinyl binders extensively. I decided to try Avery's "Durable" E-Z Turn Ring 2" binder.Like many other binders, this one has clear pockets on the front and back cover and the outer binding to accomodate identifying sheets. This binder has an interesting oblong shape to the rings. It does make paper management a little easier than the more common circular shaped ring. The binding assembly is riveted to the back cover rather than to the spine of the binder. This does make it easier to manage the 500 page capacity of theis binder.The split rings come together in a pin and socket joint. This is better that the more common angled tooth joint that can permit pages to slip out.2. The ring locking mechanism is similar to other binders. It requires a firm pull on steel tabs at the top and bottom of the binder. This is not too bad, but there is no positive lock on the rings. If the binder is full of paper and you drop the binder, it is very likely the rings will pop open and spill the pages. Avery's Heavy Duty binder has a positive lock that would prevent the rings from popping open.The chipboard that adds rigidity to the covers is made of 100% recycled paper.Ths is a minor feature, but for me any effort to recycle is a plus.The hinges on this binder don't appear to be any more durable than other binders. This is important to me, because I have experienced hinge failures on many binders.When that happens, the only thing you can do is throw them out. A"heavy duty" hinge would be further improvement.
I bought this expecting to find it full of women.  Sounds like false advertising to me! Where can I find binders full of 'em? On the other hand, this is a very good binder.
We buy these at least every three months in our house during the school year. They seem durable when they're new, but believe me they're not. They peel, and the binding comes apart with daily use. I would think for a more expensive binder like this, it would last several months longer. Because they're required for my kid's school, we use many of these during the year for our three kids.
If this product was half the price and 22 yards instead of 15, I'd give it 5 stars. Duck makes great packing tape, and this is no exception.However, at twice the price of a larger size of standard clear packing tape, I have to wonder if the zebra stripe is worth it. I used this to jazz up a nick-knack box, but found I really couldn't use it to pack something to ship. I think that if you were moving and wanted to mark boxes by room, this would be a great and stylish way to do it.Overall: 3 stars. It's packing tape. Pink and stripy, but still packing tape.
The idea of this tape dispenser is sound. It holds great promise. The inventor(s) proved this to me.Now the issue is to build the same type of dispenser but use thicker or stronger materials. This one is too thin and fragile for the kind of repeated use it was designed to handle.Moreover, where are the refills? Are consumers expected to buy a dispenser with every roll of tape?
First of all, this is not a duck tape....it's a packaging tape with dispenser.However, it does not seem as sticky as regular packaging tape though.Also, it's expensive and short. I really can't recommend buying this for packaging purpose, as there are more economical options around. However, for holiday gift packing purpose, this may be good due to its special pattern design.
Face to tape, this tape is lurid, as in do not look at it if you have a headache or are prone to migraines.It wasn't too hard to work with, I used it to seal a couple of packages.The thickness, stickiness, and durability are similar to a good quality moving tape, as in a better quality of the brown carton sealing tape that the movers used on the boxes the last time I moved.I would not use this on anything that could be damaged by the glue on it, and would not recommend it for anything other than constructing or sealing boxes/packages that are not going to be subject to rough handling.On the bright side, this would be good for putting together storage boxes that you would want to stand out from the rest of the items that you have in storage, as it would make identifying a box quite easy
I thought these markers would be a little better than what they are.  They are small, fine pointed, and overall a little disappointing.  They are pretty dim and seem watered down.  I had to go over the lines I drew on my white board several times to be able to read the board clearly.  The white board I have in my kitchen is actually non magenetic (I didn't know this until after I received these markers), so I have these markers stuck on to my refridgerator.  I haven't had any issues with them falling down, so the magnet part seems to work.  If only the actual marker part worked better and appeared more vibrant.  I did like the little mini erasers stuck to the back of the marker - a cute and convenient idea.
I am reluctant to write this review because, alas, I just finished an unfavorable review of another product by Quartet. But there's no way around it: except for the green one, unfortunately this entire set of markers arrived dry and unusable. I have a large Quartet dry erase board which my daughter likes to doodle on, so I was happy to find this set of colored, magnetized dry-erase markers that would cling right to the whiteboard without getting lost! But sadly, they just don't write. My rating: 5 stars for concept plus1 star for performance averages out to three.
These markers are super small.  Magnet on cap is weak, and barely keeps markers on my white board.  If using a smaller white dry erase board, probably totally fine.  If like me, a teacher... using a super large board, not going to last too long.
I love the colors and the concept, but here are a few observations:+ No odor when uncapped, as compared to other Dry-Erase markers+ Magnet holds to refrigerator fine+ Pretty colors, but the yellow is very light.  Easy to leave multiple messages in different colors rather than drawing lines.- Flimsy erasers- Too short to feel comfortable in my hand.  I wish they were longer.
I really like the colors on these markers, they are easy to write with, and the writing is quite readable. The magnets are neat, too: we can just stick them on the whiteboard and leave them there. I really was in favor of the cap-mounted erasers, though, and half of them fell off the first day.  For the price, get the markers if you like the colors, but don't count on the little bitty erasers.
These dry erase markers are pretty inexpensive, and have a cheap feel. Still, all the bases are covered, as each of the six markets has an eraser and a magnet. Each is a different color (the dark colors work best), and each is fine-tipped. Hang the markers with their tip side down to save on ink. All in all, a good product for the price.
These are fun to use because they are so bright, but the little "erasers" at the top certainly aren't practical.  They bend with even the littlest pressure and make erasing a long and annoying task.  Just use a regular eraser.  Also, if you don't erase right away (sometimes we leave things on the board for a week or so), you need to get some windex to get the color off.  Also, the "mini" size is a little hard to write with at times.  The colors are fun though and it might be nice for little hands in a long car ride (no big odor).
The colors of these are bright -- contrary to some other reviews -- and even the yellow is visible on my white board. Since they're so small, they're rather short and it's hard to control them when writing on my wall-mounted board. They're okay when the board is on a tabletop, though. Also, the tips are not as fine as I'd like. Not all white boards are metal, either, so these won't stick to all of them. I do like the handy erasers.
First of all these are intended for smaller dry erase boards like the one designed for your cubicle or fridge.  They have finer tips compared to regular dry erase markers..Built-in eraser:Although I like the idea of the eraser on the other end.  It only works best for minor mistakes and touch up.  If you need to erase the whole board, use a regular eraser. Else, you would see some smudges all over.Magnets:Still another great idea (for those with steel-backed boards). Unfortunately, the magnets are too weak it barely supports the markers.
Things I liked:Nice and smallEraser built inPretty colorsNot overwhelming stenchThings I didn't like:The yellow is only useful if you have a black board, otherwise it's hardly visible on a white boardMagnet and eraser not very good quality, tend to fall offI also wondered if the quality is really that much better than cheaper items available elsewhere, such as a dollar store.
Great idea and very handy to have these hanging right on your board.  The magnets are not super strong, or my white board is very weak, and they will often slide down the board until they reach a spot with a stronger attractive force.  The quality of the ink is fine, but the lines are quite thin and can be hard to read if there is much distance between the viewers and the board.
I have many other types of dry erase markers I have used. This brand of markers might be okon a white dry erase board, but it didn't come across very well on a blue one we have.We have several dry-erase boards. We have one we use almost every day that has a 3-D blue design for its background. These markers aren't dark enough, bright enough, opaque enough or however you want to say it- to make it easy to read.The lines it leaves aren't exactly crisp either- meaning the edges can look a bit blurry for folks whose eyes don't focus as well anymore- like mine.  I tried all the colors. I don't know why companies even make yellow markers since I can't see them well on any surface.So while these will work, they really could have been made easier to read.
Since we use dry erase markers frequently at our learning center, I bought a pack of these to try something different. My very young students were intrigued by the magnetic feature of these markers and by the eraser. Some became so intrigued that the markers became distractions as they played with the magnet and pulled out the eraser.The markers themselves didn't last long and don't have that bold, dark look I like in markers, not even when first opened. My short lived experiment wasn't exactly a disaster, but was far from a success either. The built in eraser is a great concept and works well as long as it stays where it belongs.
I really like the size and color variety offered in this pack of mini dry-erase markers. I have a magnetic dry-erase board, which these were perfect for, except that not all the magnets held the pens to the board. Some did and others just failed. The ones that worked are fantastically handy to have around.The eraser cap is a nice feature.  Colors are great, except yellow just isn't a color one uses much, because it just doesn't show up on the board. A nice bright orange might make a good substitute.
I am disappointed with this product. They seem like having lot of built-in "functions", but none are very useful.- Magnets are weak and don't hold well to magnetic materials- Eraser seems like a great idea, but they are only useful for small erasures, but not for erasing the entire whiteboard (you still need a big eraser or paper towel)- Pens have very small felt tips and don't write legibly. Yellow pen is completely useless.I would looking for a better product.
The ReWritables Dry-Erase Mini Markers are definitely cute and do write well, both items I find remarkable in a dry erase marker. I also love the color assortment and the fact that each marker comes with a tiny magnet on its back so it will cling to my refrigerator well. The tiny eraser included on top also comes in handy. Unfortunately, the first time I dropped a marker, the magnet fell off and would not go back on the marker without a hot glue application. I don't see these markers as long term use, but they are fun and my daughter enjoys creating designs on my white board with them, so they are accomplishing their purpose. Cute but very small:  less than four inches long.
As an educator and parent, I use dry-erase markers a lot and have tried many brands. I like the cap mounted dry-erase mini-markers because they are practical, and having the erasers on the cap makes them handy and convenient.As for these Quartet-brand markers:Pros- nice range of colors, there's pink, purple, orange, yellow, light green and blue- low odor as advertized, and came out on top when I compared the odor with some of my other brand markers- the marker tip does not get easily bent and the lines are clear and well-defined when used for writingCons- the erasers at the end are cheap and flimsy, and easily fall out unlike another brand I use which has better quality erasers
The BIC color collection is a great assortment of permanent markers in a reusable clear case.The three tray packaging makes it easy to locate the color you're looking for and takes up minimal space.The pens work well, although they are not as durable as Sharpie markers -- but they're also much cheaper.
We already have several other sets of markers in our household - Mr. Sketch and Sharpie are the fan favorites. These make a nice addition if you have children who love to create art and are responsible enough to use permanent markers. I found the colors to be non-traditional, which works well if you are adding these in order to expand your choice of colors. The quality was not as good as Sharpie, though! The tips do not last as long.
These markers get most of their points for the package. At first it looked like yet  another plastic shell that always cuts my hands when I open it, then goes in a landfill. Instead, there is one little paper seal you break, and the plastic is a very nice way to store the pens, even folding out for extra easy selection without the rest rolling out and on to the floor.The first thing I tried them on was glass. Yes, it marks on glass, but even after hours of dry time, I can still scratch it off with a fingernail. It can be rubbed of with a paper towel, but that takes more work. So, it is a fun way to mark a beverage as yours....temporarily. They claim to write on wet surfaces. Wet glass? No. It smeared too much. Then I fut some frozen peas in a plastic freezer bag. Once again, no. The immediate frost on the bad made to bag too moist to write, so again, no. The colors are fun, the markers are nice, the package was perfectly designed. They don't reek of toxic fumes when you open them. If they dropped the claim of being able to mark damp surfaces, they would be fine. Also, these are NOT for use on fabric, so many folks will simply stay with a sharpie.UPDATE: After 24 hours of drying time, the writing on glass was harder to scratch off. I am going to personalize some glasses for a party as the ink will stay on just long enough, then wash away with a scrubbie.
Scotch tape is a staple in my home. Yes, I can find cheaper tape at my local Dollar store, but as always, you get what you pay for, and the cheaper tape's adhesive never fails to eventually peel away and stop sticking. Not such a problem with 3M's Scotch tape.Scotch Magic Tape is great for wrapping gifts with matte finish wrap, as it virtually becomes invisible on it. Glossy wrapping papers, however, will evidence the presence of Scotch brand's magic tape in the absence of sheen where the tape has been placed. If you're not overly particular with regards to this sort of stuff, you'll do fine with it. The 3/4 inch width is also a nice, wide tape for average, every day use. I tend to use Scotch tape a lot in lieu of those kitchen clip things to close up opened packages. Fold over a little tab at the end of a long strip of tape, wrap half of it on one side of the opening, stick it to the opposite side of the bag/packaging, and you're good to go. It even holds in the freezer. Who needs a clip, anyway?The one thing that turns me off about this package of Scotch tape is the misleading product packaging. The rolls are made to appear as if they have more tape on them than they actually do. I'd honestly rather pay more for three FULL rolls of tape, than pay just over a buck and a quarter (on Amazon; more at your local retail store) for a roll of tape that's really only half full, as the base of the roll of tape is just filler plastic. Not just misleading, but wasteful and environmentally unfriendly, too! It's a Scotch brand BOGO! And NOT the kind you really want!Overall, Scotch tape works well for what it's supposed to do. It's tape - it SHOULD work well! But the fact that 3M misleads its customers by sticking a big throwaway empty plastic core onto each of these cheapie dispensers costs them (reputation-wise), in my book. If you need this tape, this is the place to get it at a good price (especially if you've got an Amazon Prime membership). But if you don't need one roll for the car, one for the office, and one for home, I think you're better off looking for a fuller single roll of tape than going with what Scotch offers here.
Yep, it's a three pack of familiar Scotch Magic Tape. This is a fine product really, I only mark it down because the rolls are not very long. If you are interested in this tape, the best value is to buy a dispenser and get the 1000 inch rolls of the stuff. Far more economical and less plastic in the landfill.
If you keep tape around the house and don't use it a lot, but need to have it in multiple locations, this may be a good package for you as it has 3 dispensers.  Otherwise, it comes with 300 inches which is less than a single roll of scotch tape sometimes has. So.... if you want to minimize packaging and only need a single roll, I wouldn't recommend this kit.
I use a laptop 90% of the time, however we do have a desktop that the family shares and my daughter uses the most so I was looking for something that would work well for all of us which is why the "tilt-adjustable" caught my eye and with kids using the computer a little antimicrobial is always a good thing. My excitement died when I opened the box... first of all if I told you this was a mouse pad that required an instruction manual would you believe me? Who ever heard of such a thing, well I kid you not...and not only does it come with one but you will need to read it, maybe a few times. I've repaired our dryer, replaced garbage disposals and sinks, built all "buildable" furniture we own yet it took me several mins of staring at this thing and the directions to figure it out! First off it's not adjustable, or maybe I should say it is... but just once. The tilt cushions attach with a strong glue and once you decide on the level you want it at you are stuck, so this isn't going to work well for our whole family to share (at least not as intended) the cushion was also way to hard for my little girl and myself (my husband didn't mind it) this thankfully will stay in place w/o having to use the adhesive. The actual surface works great, the mouse glides across it smoothly and it's a good size and looks nice. We are going to keep it and use it however we'll keep the pad on the desk so my husband can use it when he wants and we didn't install any of the tilt cushions so it just sits flat. If you're the only user of your computer and know you like a firm wrist pad I'd say this is a good investment, however if you're looking to have the family share it then I'd keep looking as it's far to expensive not to be able to utilize the main features.
This mouse pad comes in several pieces which have to be stuck on before you use it.  There is a big Velcro piece that has to be added on the top in order to attach the pad to the hard surface. Then you can decide if you would like to attach pieces to the bottom in order to adjust the angle and height(a positive and negative tilt).  The "gel" pad is quite firm and covered in leatherette which my wrist tends to stick to when it is warm.  I will say that the mouse surface seems to be more precise and rolls quickly and with ease.  I will see if it extends the life of my mouse.
This mouse pad with wrist pad works just fine, though is fairly expensive.  It's worth the additional cost if you have an uneven surface, or need the included supports that angle the mouse pad.  For example, if you want something to use when sitting on a couch.  The gel wrist pad is removeable, which makes it easier to pack.Overall, it's a good product that is worth the additional cost where a rigid surface is needed.
This is the first mouse pad I have ever had to assemble!  The product arrives in a box (frustration-free packaging) with mainly diagrams for instructions.  The mouse pad itself is a rigid platform with a finely-ribbed surface on the top for the mouse to slide over and a smooth bottom section on which you attach the wrist rest.  The instruction diagram makes it look like this product was intended for use by itself or with a similar keyboard pad that is obviously sold separately.  The wrist rest is a soft but firm, gel-like material that is attached to the mouse pad with provided double-sided tape.  Included in the kit are some self-stick feet that allow you to angle the mouse pad platform in whatever direction you might like.Once assembled, the mouse pad is comfortable, and my mouse does seem to glide over it easily and accurately.  I like the rigid platform, and it would be especially useful to anyone trying to use the mousepad on an uneven surface like a couch, your lap, etc.  The wrist rest is comfortable, but it is much like other mouse pads with a wrist rest that I've used in the past.  It is reported to have an anti-microbial covering, although, being a physician, I doubt that this meaningfully reduces the spread of infection since everything else you touch with your hands (think keyboard, mouse, desk, etc.) still harbors germs.  So it is more of a gimmick than anything truly important.  I did not attach the rubber feet since angling of the mouse pad in my particular situation is unnecessary.  I presume they work as intended, though.Overall, this is a nice mouse pad with some unique features in the rigid platform and ability to alter the angle of the mouse pad to accommodate personal preference.  The surface of the mouse pad does seem to improve function of my mouse.  The antimicrobial protection is just a gimmick and not worth spending more money to purchase.  You will have to decide for yourself whether or not this product is worth its $30 cost, but I believe its true value is about a third to one half that price.
This is a decent mousepad and the gel wrist pad does help with discomfort, but it it could have been a bit wider and just bigger altogether. I also would have prefered the actual surface to be soft, foam-like since I'm not a fan of how a mouse glides on the harder surfaces. As for the antimicrobial aspect of it-well I will just have to take their word for it since there's no real way for me to test that out. Also, it apparently extends the life of batteries in wireless mice. Again, I haven't been using it that long to see a difference but so far, no need to recharge. All in all, I think this is a good, solid mousepad, though a bit overpriced.
I only gave this 3 stars which may seem mean, but I found it impractical and badly designed for several reasons.1) It's large, if you use a desk, even with a flat screen it takes up a lot of room just to hold your keyboard and looks cluttered.2) The wrist pad is not very soft, it's also cheaply attached with sticky back Velcro strips which are not easy to line up.3) 2 of the four adhesive foot pads for elevating the platform were glued to their supposedly removable sticky peel offs, and I couldn't use them.4) It looks cheaply made.I suppose if you have the room, it's OK for someone who likes to have the keyboard elevated at an angle, but without even any room for a mouse pad (must be purchased and added separately) I didn't like it that much. I also thought it was quite expensive for what it is.
This is a reasonably comfortable keyboard rest with a gel pad for the wrist.  But it's rather expensive for the purpose.The integration of the gel pad with the keyboard rest just makes it stay in place.  Since most keyboards can be tilted, I don't see any other real value-add from the "platform" being tiltable.  So if you want a gel pad for the wrist, you could consider a separate one, which might cost quite a bit less.I don't ascribe any value to the "antimicrobial" claim, having never gotten sick from using my own keyboard or any other desk items.
This is a large plastic tray with a stick on rubberized wrist rest that stretches the length of the board. Is the rest comfortable? Yes. Is the board large enough even for a large laptop? Yes.But the design would be improved with some modifications--most notably, as others have mentioned, room for a mouse.  I also don't think, at this price especially, that it should be so heavily touted as "adjustable". "Adjustable", to me, means that you can change the height, up or down, quickly, whenever and however often, you like.That isn't the case here. "Adjustable" means you stick on some rubberized "feet" (they come in 2 different sizes) or use it flat. The "stick ons" will fall off if you move them a lot (and so will the wrist rest).I got annoyed with the sticky things falling off, but I did use this with my smallest laptop--with room for a mouse--with the feet under it to vent for heat. Since the wrist rest comes off easily, I took it in my computer bag yesterday (without the tray) and used it to tilt/prop up/vent the laptop while working at a coffee house.Because the wrist rest is so long (about 18") and wide (about 2") it was pretty stable and vented pretty well. So, at home sitting on the rubber pads or "outside" with the wrist rest used as a support on the opposite (monitor) edge, it's useful after all. Just know its limits and advantages (the tray could be useful to write on as a lap desk in a car or plane). Not sure these uses justify the price, but since lack of venting ruined my previous laptop...maybe so.
I like the wrist rest platform, it works well for me. I have an IKEA computer hutch, and the platform fits nicely on the keyboard tray. I don't use the adjustable feet, I keep the platform flat. The wrist rest is very firm, it doesn't really give at all. It may not work for those who would like or need a soft wrist rest. But the price is ridiculous, definitely not worth it. Unless it's dropped to around $25, I'd recommend shopping around for a different wrist rest platform.
The 3M Tilt-Adjustable Gel Wrist Rest Platform alters the angle of your computer keyboard for more ergonomic typing. The package comes with the sturdy plastic platform, anti-microbial gel wrist pad and a 2 sets of 3 rubber feet. Both the feet and the wrist rest attach to the platform via sticky double sided tape. You can decide between 5 and 10 degrees positive or negative incline, but make sure you are happy with your choice because you are then stuck with your decision. Actually, you can later decide to go from 5 to 10 degrees if you aren't happy angle, but you can't decide to go from a positive to negative incline.I found the keyboard platform to be easy to set up and am using it 5 degrees positive. It feels durable and does not slip around on my wood desktop surface. Currently on it is my iMac's low-profileApple Aluminum keyboard, and it is almost too small for the 3M unit. The wrist pad is comfortable, but raises my hands higher over the low keyboard than I would like. I also tested aLogitech K350(Wave Design) and aMicrosoft Wireless Comfort Desktop 5000keyboard. Both fit on the 3M Platform, but were a little too large and their already ergonomic designs pushed the keys back too far from the gel wrist pad. This product is optimal for standard sized keyboards and is not a good solution for everyone. Couple that with the extremely high price and I'm not overly thrilled with it. If it were truly adjustable after the initial set-up then I could perhaps justify the cost.It works well enough with my iMac keyboard and does relieve some strain in my hands when using it, but the 3M Gel Wrist Rest Platform is not a product I will purchase again and only would recommend it to computer users with specific requirements.~ Kort
Good:Wrist rest is really nice, a firm gel with excellent support. Previously I owned just the wrist rest separately, and have really enjoyed using it.Product is sturdy, you get less wiggling when typing on it rather than when you have the little feet extended on your keyboard.Wrist rest is removable for cleaning under the crevices.It does keep your keyboard from sliding around on the desk.Bad:It is not really adjustable.  You get two choices of height and the choice between negative and positive tilt.  And you don't get to change your mind later, unless you want to pry the rubber feet off and reglue them on.Ugly:Cost.  I think this is expensive.  The list price is actually absurd, but even the actual price seems high to me. The 3M gel wrist rest is available for about half the current price here on Amazon (which I think is well worth it, I love my 3M gel wrist rest).  That leaves the other half of the price for a piece of plastic and some rubber feet.
Got this in Vine and gave this to my son in Virginia as he is an 8th grade science teacher and told me he could use it for his work. First project was to laminate some cards with the elements chart. He told me that the plus was the ease of use and the portability of the device (it was easy for him to carry in his school backpack that he uses daily). On the down side, he told me the sizes he was able to use were not optimal, as his charts were intended to be larger and this product would not support them (so he had to readjust his copies to be smaller so he could laminate them). He also brought up the noise of the unit (which I see was mentioned here in another review). He couldn't understand why the unit was so noisy as the general unit that the school provides for free is far quieter and little to no vibration. Overall, this is a relatively inexpensive device if you really need a portable laminator. However, for larger needs or if you operate in an office where noise may be an issue, this is not for you. Like I said, as a teacher, the school already has these devices for the use of the teachers, so I am not sure there would be a need for this otherwise.
Another reviewer posted "The problem with this product is that it only suports 3 mil lamination pouches. this is never mentioned in the specs. You will be disappointed if you think running a 5 mil through two or three times will make it work - it will not."I 2nd that! The only 3 mil pouch wasn't mentioned when I got the unit:(
I would guess the majority of people buying these labels are using it to print online shipping postage. The half sheet works perfect for this and the quality of these labels is very good. The only problem is that when printing online shipping labels the top half is the actual label that goes on the package, but the bottom half is usually information about the package (shipping address, tracking numbers, etc) and this info does not need to go on an adhesive label. In fact you are losing half of the labels because of this. The ideal label would have the bottom half be plain paper with the top half adhesive label. Shipping companies like UPS, DSL have these kind of labels. To improve this product Avery should produce this type of label.
As most of you I'm used to Avery labels.  I believe them to be the finest quality with most extensive format selection within their niche.  With that said, you will pay a premium for the aforementioned attributes.  They are the leader and, as such, they generally always cost above other brands...Quite a bit more in some cases than decent generics.  However, the quality is consistent and it is very good.  This is actually a 5-star product, but due to the cost I must temper it with price paid and downgrade it to 3-stars.These feed and print flawlessly, they are compatible with a myriad of label programs, they stick extremely well in my experience, and they absolutely cover anything they are applied on top of.  You cannot ask for more in the product itself, I only wish they were about half the price and I'd likely not quibble at all.  With the caveats mentioned they are, even at the premium, price a recommended product if you want the absolute best available.
The trueblock technology in this label is great, however, I prefer shipping labels that are permanent instead of movable/removable.These do cover up what is underneath, but I don't feel the confidence that they are going to stay adhered in shipping and to the final destination. In that, I prefer some of the cheaper labels that seem to have a more &#34;100% permanent&#34; adhesive.It's ok, and if you need the trublock feature badly, it could be useful for you.
These are good quality labels but you can find generic brands for less money and I have never really had a problem with cheaper, lower quality labels.These have 2 labels per page and if you cannot disable a bottom receipt portion from printing out, you will waste a label.
This is an ok inexpensive light-duty cork board, but it may not hold up to intense use.  The board itself is a layer of cork with what looks like a corrugated cardboard backing, about 5/16 of an inch thick, because longer pushpins stick out of the back over 1/16 of an inch (the frame does position this back away from the wall, but if the board itself is at all warped, it could marr the wall, so it is probably better to use some sort of tack which is shorter than a push-pin).  To me it doesn't seem like it grabs the push pins as hard as I could expect, so it is probably better for posting lighter weight items.The "Oak Finish" frame is some sort of hard composite material, covered with wood-grain printed paper, which to me doesn't look quite oak-like, and does look fake when close.  However, again, it is perfectly fine unless you are bothered by fake wood.  There is a second sticker with a California formaldehyde warning, so you may want to place it outside to outgas before using. (It is made in China).  It is incredibly lightweight for its size (it weighs only 1lb 5oz).  It includes some mounting hardware, but there are no mounts built into the frame itself.There is a role for a cheap light-duty bulletin board (I remember when I was a kid and I wanted a bulletin board, but my allowance didn't go far enough) but if you want a real bulletin board, look elsewhere.
If you need a simple cork board for light duty only -- this is the one for you. It&#8217;s attractive, light weight, and easy to mount. I would use only the smallest of pins because the cork is thin and the backing is cardboard. You can hang it horizontally or vertically.
Ah, I was hoping for something thick and sturdy, but I received a flimsy board that I needed to mount and screw into my wall.  Push pins do work nicely on this board and it is a good size.  I just wish that it was more substantial.
This thing is bodacious! I know the specs are given before you buy but nothing could prepare you for over four pounds of cast metal base pencil sharpener. It sharpens fine for the moment. There is an arrow on the selector knob which shows you the most common pencil hole... the others are trial and error. There is a safety feature which keeps the sharpener off when the crumb catcher is removed and the suction cups on the bottom will prevent it from falling off and causing skull fractures to short students but I really can't find a lot of features to recommend it at such a high price. There is a seven year warranty against defective parts but the cutter can't be replaced. If it wears out you have a very expensive door stop.I had hoped to use this for prismacolor colored artists pencils (read "expensive") but I heard this will ruin the sharpener. I could find no mention of this on the web-site or enclosed brochure but customer service said "no colored pencils".  They have one, EPS11HC , which is colored pencil compatible however.In good conscience I really can't recommend this for a class-room. No matter how strong, air-cooled and great it sharpens for the short term if the cutters can't be re-placed it might not be a good buy. There is always one student in the room who will want to experiment with sharpening the eraser end of his pencil.
I received a 6 pack of boxes which are really 6 individual and deep file drawers.  Each box is assembled with 3 separate pieces of cardboard with the instructions on the back of the file drawer.  Also included is one metal square rod to reinforce each of the 6 file drawer casings.  In addition, there are 12 plastic rails; 2 rails slip onto each file drawer for use in storing hanging files.PROS:- Easy assembly- Boxes can be used for hanging files with supplied plastic rails- Somewhat sturdy considering that they are just boxes- Can be used for more than just files; for instance I would use these as cheaper and much sturdier versions of moving boxes whose only drawback would be that they might be somewhat awkward to carry but are very easy to open and close.CONS:- The 6-pack is actually 6 individual and separate file drawers- The box says that the drawers can stack 5 high with the interlocking clips (which are not included and which I assume must be purchased separately)- The file drawer part has a "Panel A" piece that says to detach for additional support but there are no instructions on how to use it.  I guessed on how to install this piece but I can't be sure if I correctly used it to reinforce the handle located in the back of the file drawer.- In order to reduce the shifting of the file boxes during use, I had to put it against a wall. Although it still shifted without the interlocking clips, it worked effectively enough as file storage.In summary, I would only consider purchasing these boxes as temporary file storage or as very basic moving boxes that are cheaper (at the current price of $20.57 for 6) than regular moving boxes. Without the interlockinig clips, I would stack these boxes 5 high ONLY if set against a corner and back wall where they are supported on two sides by the walls and on the third side by some furniture.I do not consider these boxes sturdy enough to use for permanent file storage where the files are frequently accessed.  They are a good solution, however, for permanent file storage where files are accessed infrequently such as for old cases in a law firm or police, library, banking or other personal records.
I can't find any reason to give these boxes more than 3 stars.  They don't connect to each other, you just stack one on top of the other.  If there's something heavy inside the top box it wants to fall forward and tump off the stack.  Also, when you pull a drawer open it also pulls the entire box it's in forward.  Legal size files won't fit since it's made for standard letter sized files only.  Of course you don't have to store files in them.  I have a bunch of sewing supplies in one of my file boxes.  I wouldn't however, store anything that is to be frequently used since opening these boxes isn't exactly a smooth operation.  Good probably for only long-term storage in a dry location.  One corner of the shipping box was bummed up pretty bad and the corners of storage boxes inside were somewhat damaged, but when they were assembled the damaged corners did not cause any problems.
I was looking for a way to store paper files and other documents in the garage without having to worry about throwing them in totes.  After reading about these Fellowes storage drawers I thought they might fit the bill, and to be sure they did help -- though in the end they are lacking in a few areas that make them less than ideal for my purposes.First, let me state these are very easy to put together.  It took me about 15 minutes to get all 6 assembled and ready.  They are fairly sturdy, and I was impressed at how much weight them seemed to be able to hold.  However, it soon became apparent that for people who need to reference documents frequently, or are storing them in a non-climate controlled environment, this solution is not for them.The drawers are formed by sliding the "drawer" assembly into a box.  While this is an innovative approach, I found that unless you are extremely careful that there is no way the drawers will "line up" correctly.  They are all a bit off, depending on how good your assembly skills are.  This isn't too big a deal, but it can sure make it a pain when you are trying to slide open the drawers to retrieve stuff.  I ended up many times fighting to get the drawer closed again because it didn't quite line up.Next, because there is nothing anchoring the drawers together you will find that they want to slide all over the place.  I finally overcame this problem by taking a roll of duct tape and literally wrapping several layers around the tops and sides.  Not an ideal solution, but it worked for me.Finally, the drawer handles themselves constantly are slipping in and out.  If you try to open one too fast they will literally pull right out.A good solution for those who need long-term solution in a climate controlled environment for papers and files they don't access very often; for the rest of us -- probably should look at something more durable that can stand up to more frequent use.
These are good for what they are. Temporary storage.  They don't come with the clips people talk about and I haven't ordered them.  Therefore, the top drawers are prone to fall over.  I use these in my basement and I worry that if I get a water leak, these will get soggy and fall apart....thus, I consider them temporary.  Otherwise, they are very functional.
I have more books than any human being should own, so I used these Banker's Boxes to pack up some that were headed to the basement for storage. They're pretty roomy boxes, so I was able to fit a lot of books, but I can see that the bottom of these boxes are not going to stand being repeatedly lifted. If you're loading them up and leaving them where they are, you'll be fine. If you're going to be moving these boxes around, be aware that, one of these days, the bottom is going to come loose, and your stuff will fall out.
I have a lot of files for both professional and personal use, some of which are stored in generic bankers boxes. To test this box, I loaded it full with letter-size files and compared it to the budget boxes that I have been using for storage for about a decade. The Medium-Duty Bankers Boxes are good-looking and go together quickly, but the floor of the box does sag (less than 1/2 an inch). These boxes are okay, but the bottom flaps mesh together in the middle; I recommend that you instead purchase the kind of box that has flaps that extend all the way across the bottom of the box. There are other Bankers Boxes that do this as well as generic boxes. I believe this is stronger and will give you better performance. It will sag less and provides a flatter bottom on the inside and outside of the box (good for sliding into shelves, good for laying items in the bottom).
I didn't like these as much.  They didn't seem to write cleanly for me and I didn't like the grip that I got on the barrel.  These are more geared toward use on a large classroom sized dry erase board.On the plus side, they were very low odor.
As a teacher, I write on my whiteboard a lot.  I honestly can't emphasize a lot enough.  I tend to buy several markers each year and have them scattered all over the room.  The EXPO markers that last the longest also smell the worst.  It will give you a headache after writing for a few minutes.  They also almost stain the whiteboard and are difficult to get completely clean without an additional cleaner for the board.  While I enjoy the fruity scents, they are too expensive.  So, this has led me to try many other markers.  These are bright, vibrant markers with an ink gauge like you'd find in a pen.  Thankfully, these are low odor.  They are easier for me to write with for a longer period of time and I love having the many color options.  Unfortunately, they run out quickly.  If you were to use just one marker color (probably the black) consistently, then it will be out in a week.  I've had this set for a little over a month and I've gone through both blacks, one red, one blue, and the purple.  It's roughly the same price as a larger pack of EXPO markers, so it may be okay if I can get them at a discount at the beginning of the school year.  Otherwise, I would rather spend my money on markers that last longer.
These markers are very nice, providing a thick bold look that is easy to read from a distance and has minimal fading.  The main issue is that they do not seem to last very long, and as with many dry-erase markers they will often dry up if not used continuously.One nice feature is that the caps are oddly-shaped in order to prevent the marker from rolling when placed on a surface.  This was a great design decision.It's hard to find a quality set of dry-erase markers these days.  Still, I would say these markers are slightly better than average when compared to other products on the market.
These markers do write smoothly on a dry erase board, but as another reviewer mentioned, they do seem to stain somewhat and be hard to erase. After using them a week or so, the staining became more and more noticeable on my board. I stopped using them because of this, but they were running low on ink anyway. I would stick to better brands on dry erase markers.
We homeschool and use pretty much any available surface to write on during lessons; white boards, sliding glass doors, windows, the glass on the table, tile, and Oilcloth. If it is handy, non-porus, and previously tried then we will use it. The one major draw back with these markers is that they leave a residue which means I have to break out the glass cleaner that much faster. Making me work harder gives it a lower rating. I do like the clear barrels and the chisel tip has held up rather nicely though.
Works fine.  I haven't used them long enough to know how long they last yet.  They do have a strong smell like most Dry Erase Markers.  The colors are bright so far.
Nice set of markers with some real pros and cons.  Pros: These dry-erase markers come in beautiful colors, bright, bold ink and a generous pack of 12 markers for the price. The chisel tip is decently nice, writes well, ink flow is great!  The cons: these dry-erase markers are difficult to erase, don't come off easily, the ink leaks, ebbs and flows strangely, and is sometimes much lighter in color than other markers available. This makes it harder to see. Personally, I love the idea here: the colors, the clear windows (so you can see when the ink runs low), the bright ink: all wonderful!  It's the leakiness, the incosistency and the difficulty to erase that will make me stick to Expo markers for now or keep both around for a time and see who outlast the others: Expo markers have their own concerns, but overall I have found them to be more reliable to others.
This is the second binder I have ordered from Amazon.  This is also the second binder that has arrived damaged from Amazon.  Amazon, please do not use the "piece of cardboard folded over and has an adhesive strip to attach and close the whole deal" to send these binders.  The bottom of the binder was already starting to crack when I pulled it out of its packaging.  Do note that Amazon has feedback ratings we can all do on their packaging.  I do make a point of giving my thumbs up and down on the various packages that I receive from Amazon.Anyway, about this binder.  It is a good, one-hand closing binder.  It is also quite expensive, $11+ for a binder with a 2" spine depth. I think the most unique quality about this binder is that it is PVC free, which means that your photocopies and such aren't going to stick to the cover and peel off onto the binder like all of the other ones you have.Not included in this binder are the plastic "sheet lifters", which are the boomerang-type pieces of plastic that you use to push back all of the pages in the binder without ripping them out of their holes.  Perhaps Avery doesn't think we need them, but I would still find them useful in this binder.It is marketed as a heavy duty binder, but since my binder has already begun to tear, I think it can be made better so that it won't tear.  Perhaps a thicker plastic should be used.  All binders are weak at the folding points, and this one isn't any better than any others I have used.The binder rings are good, they are not a D-ring or an O-ring shape, but more of a backward D would be a better description.  They seem to work well when the notebook is not full, or if it is very full.
Avery is my preferred manufacturer of quality labels, business cards and much more. I was delighted to receive the heavy Duty EZD 2-inch binder for review.Pluses include PVC-free material, chipboard construction made from 100% recyclable content. The D-ring style holds 50% more paper than round ring binders and pages turn more smoothly. My binder has four inside pockets which is a nice feature.The binder states no print transfer and non-stick material.  This seems to be true because the jewelry design tutorials I've placed inside have not transferred to the inside cover.There's a heavy gauge clear plastic protector to keep labeling in place, both on the spine and on the front cover, also the easy turn gap-free ring opens with one touch. The binder is wide enough so any dividers won't stick out, another nice feature.All in all, this is the ideal binder for home and home office use. I like it and will order more.One negative, and I don't know if it is due to the construction or the shipping: my binder arrived from Amazon with a quarter inch tear on the bottom and a one-inch tear on the top, both along the hinged portion between spine and flat top cover. If this is due to a construction flaw, I'd check out other binders before deciding.
I am a very organized person, and I wanted to streamline the look of my filing systems.  Martha Stewart recommended the Brother P Touch on her shows many times, and I figured I'd give it a try.Here are some thoughts and comments:* Sucks up battery life like crazy.  I attempted to use NEW yet out-of-the-package AAA batteries (expiration 2009) and the machine would stop printing and power off.  You MUST use extremely new/fresh batteries, but really, I suggest that you take this opportunity to buy yourself a battery recharger with several rechargeable batteries if you are going to use this product.  I also think an upgrade to this product would be the ability to operate it two ways : with batteries AND electric power source.*There is a little piece of paper included somewhere in the packet that is very easy to miss, but is crucial to its operation.  It is of a diagram which shows you that you must first REMOVE A PIECE OF THIN FOAM from the machine before installing the tape.  This is NOT in the instruction booklet!*$10+ for replacement cartridges seems expensive, seeing as how they do not last very long.  Think ahead and buy your cartridges online at a discount so that you do not find yourself at the office supply store mid-project, paying way too much for retail.*Colored tape makes it easy for you to color code your files.  Though I prefer the plain black/white, you can use different color tapes for specific projects.  For instance, financial files could be GREEN.  There are several colors available but I did not find them visually pleasing, so I'm sticking with the black on white.*In addition to color coding, there are functions which allow you to BOLD, ITALICIZE, and UNDERLINE, as well as choose which border you'd like to use.  One of the more fun borders is CANDY, which looks like a candy wrapper.  It's fun and feminine, and I use that one for my designer files. But there are more plain borders, as well as a masculine WOOD look.  Others options are font size ; normal, 1/2 and X2 and width, which you can use to adjust for more characters.  For example, a short word such as BANK is short enough to fit X2 on a file folder, whereas FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2007 could be in regular size font and on 2 lines, to fit the folders.  It's quite user friendly that way.*The keyboard is obviously small, and therefore so are the keys. If you have big fingers, or long nails, use the eraser-side of a pencil on the keyboard.*As with any new gadget, it will take some time to figure out how to use the product, but the instructions are easy to understand, overall.Unfortunately, I paid full retail for this, but the price at Amazon is HALF of what I paid at the office supply store.  I'm going to buy one from Amazon, with tapes, for my sister for her birthday.  I think it makes a great gift, everyone will love this item. (And perhaps include the aforementioned batteries/charger as well!)I have given the item 3 stars instead of 4 because Brother is soaking its customers with expensive replacement tapes.  Doesn't seem very ethical to me.  Also, new models are introduced to the market all the time, so while you may think you will use this for several years, it is more likely that newer, better models will become attractive with more experience and use.  In this sense, the item is not cost-effective, especially since repair/replacement is probably more expensive than just buying a new one.
This label printer has a fisher-price feel to it, and is a bit large for the basic electronics inside.  That is ok because it helps make the typing easier and the lime green makes for a cute combination.  However the labels have large margins (to make you buy more tape) and this uses the direct thermal printing method which is not as durable over time, and has limited choice of tape styles/materials.  I ended up returning this one for the Brother PT-2700 which uses thermal transfer for a much larger variety of tape cartridges, as well as an auto-cutter.  Nevertheless this is ok as a no-frills model.
I love this item--it is quick, easy to use and inexpensive.  It makes beautiful labels as well which are incredibly useful.  The issue has been that it gobbles batteries at an alarming rate!  When I read the reviews, I figured I wouldn't be using it *that* much and that the folks who mentioned battery life were probably using it a lot more than I would.  Well, I use it pretty darn sparingly (I think I've printed 20 labels total) and, I kid you not, I've been through 8 triple A batteries in owning it for 3 months or so!  Not only does that make it expensive, it makes it a pain because you have to keep buying batteries (or invest in rechargeables which are not cheap).  Why?  All because it DOES NOT have an AC adapter port!  If it had such a port, even if it didn't come with an adapter, I would rate it 5 stars.  As it is, you have a great device with a serious power issue.  3 stars is the best I can do.  If you are using this at home, get one of the other models with an adapter---this way the only consumable is the tape.
I had an older paper cutter and its not working that well anymore.The blade is dulled and I cant find a replacement.This one is compact compared to my other one,but using can be a bit awkward.It works well for thick paper such as photo paper and craft paper but thin sheets tend to tear easily.It has a swing out ruler which makes larger paper easier to measure and cut.It has a cutting blade and a scoring blade,but I only used the cutting blade to cut down a couple photos.It needs improvement in the blade.Its titanium but I think a razor type blade would be better.There are much better cutters available and would probably do a better job.
I do a ton of crafting, mostly with paper... I have several paper cutters/trimmers and this little guy couldn't come close to them in terms of precision or ability, however it also doesn't come close to what I spent for those other trimmers. At under ten bucks I think it's a pretty good little trimmer, I prefer rotary style blades but the included blade was sharp and cut even textured 80# cardstock without any issues, I haven't used it long enough to see how long it will stay sharp but I'm not overly concerned... a nice surprise was the scoring blade, it also worked really well. I opted to give this to my 9yr old daughter who likes to make cards with me, I feel the small blade is safe enough for her (watch a younger child though, it is an exposed blade) and the whole unit is small and light enough for her to use and move around w/o my assistance. She can easily cut paper/cardstock to card size and then score it as well.... her cards look much better now that she can score them with this trimmer! For the price it's definitely better than a pair of scissors if you need something trimmed up, and a great first trimmer for an older child.
This paper trimmer is made of good material, but the design could have been a lot better. I've tried cutting thin mattes to very exact sizes and although the rules display inches and centimeters, they are very difficult to read. Also, if you don't get everything lined up just right, you are either going to jam the device or get an uneven cut.  If you are imagining a high end matte cutter that cuts through thick paper like butter, this isn't it. A pair of scissors is probably more convenient since you don't have to provide table area for it. Titanium to cut a sheet of paper sounds a bit like 'overkill' to me.
I sell custom origami so I am frequently cutting paper down to specific sizes. The paper has to be exactly square for the cranes, fish, and other shapes to end up looking right. So I have fairly stringent requirements for my paper cutters. I really hoped this one would work out, with its small size. Unfortunately, it just doesn't hold up to my larger Bidex cutter that I adore.With this one, there is such little "guide area" that the paper is nearly impossible to line up straight and to hold there. If it's just a bit off my crane ends up lopsided. Also, it doesn't cut smoothly. I use a variety of paper types in my projects and it often tears or rips more than it slices. It's not a razor blade edge - it's more a sharp pull.I suppose it depends on what your expectations are. If you just need to trim the edge off of something to stuff it into an envelope, this could be just right. If you actually need to do crafts with it, though, I'd probably look elsewhere.
So this isn't really what I needed because I need something to cut exact.  Even though this has titanium blades with a swing out ruler it does not always give a clean cut.  I will use it for quick photo projects and let my kids use it for their crafts but not for major items.In the words of my grandma, "you get what you pay for".  This paper trimmer was under $10...enough said.
This paper trimmer isn't quite what I expected. The cutting edges are a kind of cartridge rather than razors or long cutting blades (also known as guillotines). The good news: if the cutters wear out, you can replace them instead of trying to sharpen a long blade. The bad news: the cartridges seem flimsy, and the instructions for replacing them are on the packaging rather than printed on the front or back of the gadget or on a small insert that could be filed. Since the packaging is the first thing to be thrown out, that doesn't make sense, especially since the cartridges are supposed to be long-lasting. By the time I get around to replacing one, I will have forgotten how to do it. There's a 15-year warranty, also on the packaging. Why isn't this a separate piece of paper to be kept with all my other warranties and manuals? The flip-out ruler is okay, but I would have preferred a graph board of at least 8 1/2 x 11" to coincide with letter-sized paper. The graph board is much narrower, about 3 or 4". This means that larger paper bends off the base and it's pretty difficult to keep a straight edge while trimming. Therefore, I think it's best suited for casual use: clipping coupons, neatening the edges of clipped articles from magazines. I'm not sure I trust it with photos. It seems to work best with flimsy paper, and it definitely works best with one sheet at a time. In the case of magazine articles, which sometimes run for several pages, I found the papers tended to fan out so the pages were trimmed straight, but not with the same margins on each page. For someone with a home business, or a serious hobbyist, I'd recommend investing in an industrial-strength paper cutter with a full 8 1/2 x 11" base and a guillotine handle. This trimmer is not up to heavy duty. If you want to clip coupons with it, it will work fine, but I consider it pricey for such casual use (plus the cost of replacement cartridges).
At first unboxing, I like the fact that it has a clear plastic case holding all 8 highlighters, so you can pack them in a bag or briefcase and keep them organized.  The retraction of the tip is nice, so you don't need to worry about caps.COLORI'm not very excited about the color selection.  With highlighters, I would think that you choose a variety of light shades, so as to not put a dark color over a black font to make it more difficult to read.  I found the green, red and light blue to be a little darker than my preference, although they are not too bad.  The dark blue and purple are just too dark.  The orange and pink are fine.  I like the yellow's fluorescence and brightness.WIDTHThese are a little narrow on the tip for my taste.  The broadest stroke I could get was about 3mm, which is the size of a capital letter in Times New Roman size 12.  My current highlighters are about 4.2mm, which I like better.SMEARINGThe marketing of these highlighters seems to be focused on the fact that these have "SMEAR GUARD Technology."  If you read the fine print, it says to make sure to let the ink dry before highlighting -- that's fair.  It also says that it resists smearing of many pen and marker inks based on consumer surveys.  I'd like to know how that all was tested.In my own testing, I found minimal difference between these and my Hi-Liter brand.  With a few rollerball pens, I could see a tiny bit less smearing with these highlighters.  With a printout from my HP OfficeJet Pro K5400, the smearing was a mess.  Even the next day, both brands of highlighters couldn't resist smearing badly.However, on my HP DeskJet 5650, both highlighters performed perfectly by not smearing.There may be some inks that resist smearing by these highlighters, but I didn't find them.Overall, this is a decent set of highlighters, but I don't find them to be standing out from the competition.
These are a little too dark for highlighters.  The lighter colors, like yellow, pink, and light blue work okay, but the darker colors are not useful.  The only way I can use these and still be able to read the text is to underline rather than high light, which I can do easier with a gel pin.  The highlighters are also really wet.  If I try to highlight a larger area there is a lot of page warping and bleed through.These are okay, but I can't recommend them.
As others have noted, the tips of these highlighters are not very wide.  If you like to underline words/passages with highlighters, these are useful.  If you like to highlight the words themselves in sentences or paragraphs, you won't like these.  Reason being that it'll take you two to three swipes, due to the angle of the tip, to get one whole line highlighted by which point the 'no smearing' is forgotten.  Retractable is nice but doesn't help with the actual highlighting.
These laminating pouches are of good quality, are very clear, and they do the job. I probably would have given them 4 stars had I not ordered a package of the equivalent Scotch brand as well and tested them side-by-side.The Scotch brand had a slightly smoother and more consistent texture. You probably would not have thought anything wrong with the Fellowes texture until you compared them directly. Both products were the 3mil thickness, but the Scotch felt like they were slightly stiffer. The Fellowes seemed to generate a bit more static than the Scotch, making them slightly more difficult to align the document inside.Had the prices been reversed (currently, the Fellowes sells for 60% more than the Scotch. Surprise!) I would probably buy the Fellowes, but if I can save money and get the slightly better product, it's a no-brainer. Check the prices of both before you buy.
The instructions (yes, I read instructions) advise to turn the stapler away from yourself as a safety measure.  In other words, turn it away in case staples shoot out of it and impale you.The stapler works well, and I haven't had problems with it popping or shooting any staples, but turning it away makes it harder to use.  Two fingers?  Ouch is all I can say.  It's a little wobbly, too.I must say, I approach the electric stapler in the office with a skeptical eye, because it's even more powerful, and I don't want to be disabled by staples.  This stapler works very well, but not with ease as described.  That is, if you turn it away from you like you should.  If you're shopping for a heavy-duty-ish stapler, shop for price.
This stapler has an ingenious design, and it is able to really "Fire" a staple through a stack of paper with very little force required from the operator. It is really an innovative design, and makes it effortless to staple large stacks of paper.Here is my gripe . . . it requires special staples. What are the chances I can convince the bureaucracy to carry these specialty staples? Even if I decide to start buying my own staples, what are the chances I can find them at a Walmart or Office Depot when I need them?If you are willing to take on the hassle of stocking the specific staples used by this machine, you are going to love it. If you are like me, you will probably use it till you run out of the staples than come with it, and then toss it.
I have been using Scotch's Premium tape for some projects other than shipping packages. Comparing it with the "Heavy Duty" I found both were the same strong base tape. The tape is not going to break or tear. You have to cut it. The difference between the two is the stickiness. The Premium is stickier than the Heavy Duty. Neither sticks well over time when exposed to +80 degrees or below freezing. They both are good packing tape but fail if used to hold objects together. I give both products a neutral but if you have something packed that is heavy I would choose the Premium because of the stronger bond.
The dispenser is good, tape is thick and strong but the it does not stick very well. The adhesive is weak.The competitors likeLePage's USPS All Purpose Packaging Tape, 2 inches x 110 yards , 6 Pack (82302)andDuck Brand HP260 High Performance Grade Packaging Tape, 1.88" x 60 Yards, 3.1 Mil, Crystal Clear, 6-Pack + 2 Bonus Rolls (1067839)do not have this nice a dispenser but they stick a lot better.
This turned out to be not as economical comparing to purchasing packaging tape at stores due to a small size of the rolls. I think you may be better off buying a generic tape at a Post Office...
It seems to stick so far. There are a lot of reviews stating that the tape does not stick. I tried a strip around the plastic wrap that the six rolls were shipped in. The tape stuck, however, I was able to remove it without a problem. It was very removable and able to be repositioned. Doesn't seem like that should be the case for a heavy duty shipping tape. It did stick better to cardboard boxes.I like the dispenser as it is easy on my arthritic hands. I also use the tape over the address labels so that the ink does not smear when the package ships. The rolls could be larger, as there is too much waste in this world as it is and it seems foolish to make so many small rolls and so many plastic dispensers when a larger roll would work. Perhaps a reusable dispenser would also be efficient for those who want smaller rolls.
I have used a variety of file "jackets" over the years to contain even the smallest pieces of paper in my filing cabinet, but find most of them are not of sufficient quality when compared to the price. Paying over a dollar a piece for a folder seems like highway robbery to me, especially when the folder does not hold up well from the start. I have actually experienced worse issues with other similar products (e.g. poorly glued joints, glue which becomes ineffective in a few weeks/months, etc.) but that does not distract from the fact these also have issues with robustness. I do like these particular folders more than others I have used in the past because they seem like they may be bit more reliable long term, but they still did not meet my expectations for a product with such a high price tag.
File jackets are hugely practical for corraling receipts, envelopes, and notes on scraps of paper; much more so than regular old file folders which have a tendency to release their contents at the most inopportune moments.  On that level, these jackets deliver.Where they don't deliver is in their sturdiness.  The corners are quite flimsy and show gaps.  Yes, the tabs are reinforced, but the corners need the extra material much more than the tabs.  When expanded the full two inches, the corners threaten to come apart.I wanted these to be the Holy Grail of file jackets but am afraid they're merely average.
So the great thing about these folders is that they hold more due to the expansion, but the expansion is clumsy at best.  If you don't expand it, the papers get tangled in the folded corners.  If you do expand it, it is easily crushed.  The plus is that it can be broken down and stored in the space of a regular manila folder, but if you need expanded size, the accordion folders will work better for you and last longer.
I agree with the other reviewers who says these are good as pencils but less than good as painting implements. As colored pencils they work just fine and are fun for my kids to draw with. But trying to make them into watercolor painting tools is a nerve-wracking experience. I think Derwent should just call them colored pencils and leave it at that. If that's all they were meant to be I would be happy to pay up to six or eight dollars for them. But they're advertising them as watercolor tools so they have to be critiqued as that, as well, and in that regard they are a fail.
This set contains a good variety of colors. However, even when applying pressure, they don't leave a very full color. They would be suitable for a child, or for any project with light shading. I don't think they would be adequate for the serious artist or crafter. Easy to sharpen, but just not enough color for colored pencils.
We were so excited to give these a try.  We love to paint and thought these would be perfect to cut down on some of the mess that goes along with it.  When we used them to color we loved the look.  The shape of the pencils are very nice as well.  When we added water nothing changed much.  The packet they came in lacked much to be desired as well. It's just plastic and not resealable at all. If you are in need of a high quality water color pencil these are not it.
This sleek little device is exactly what I was looking for to laminate important pages in my portfolio, those which get handled the most over time.  There was a bit more packaging involved with the device than I'm normally OK with, manufacturers seem to always overdo things a bit when there's an electric device involved, but I guess that's better than it arriving damaged.Mine seemed to take a bit longer than the 6 minutes advertised, but I didn't see that as a huge problem. I have not run out of laminating material yet, but am looking forward to trying various brands to see how they stack up. So far, things seem to go through smoothly and seal right away. There weren't any warped areas or bubbles in my tests. I really like the 5mm thickness, it makes things seem more important, so I'm looking forward to see how this does on that thickness.I received this product through Vine, but I'd still say for the price advertised it's a good value.
Once I got it assembled the stand is pretty solid and doesn't wobble for me, it looks nice and the casters are large.Now for the gripe-- talk about hideous assembly. Nothing is marked or tagged as to what part it is, the diagram isn't easy to make out, everything is black which makes it hard to see what you are doing, the screws, panels, screw holes are all BLACK. The screws are a nightmare trying to turn them into the fake wood, it is in the farthest corners so that gives you little room to use a screw driver plus they get tight long before they are actually into the fake wood so you have to try and press down as hard as you can with one hand and try to turn the screw driver with the other hand in a tight little dark corner, my hands are small so I was able to do it but it was not easy. To figure out which shelf is which is easy the top one is bigger than the bottom one. The bottom one won't fit on the top. The casters I found out through trial and error (casters falling out) that you really have to press down on them to get them to lock in place.It seems fairly sturdy to me but I was able to get the screws tightened down.I have half a mind to write the company and complain about their horrible  assembly though, it was frustrating.
I have been looking for a small desk/stand for several months and I was pleased when I found the Safco Scoot Desk-Side Printer Stand. It's is the size and dimensions I need and I was eager to get it assembled so I could put it to use. However, it was damaged on arrival so assembly was not simple until I made repairs, after which I have been pleased with it.Assembly proved to be a bit of a chore. The directions are mostly clear and readable which is good, but the parts are heavy and awkward enough that it takes a little coordination if assembled by one person. The bigger issue I had, though, is that two of the metal sides to this cart were bent on the corners which made assembly impossible. The bends resembled damage that would have been sustained when dropped on the corner, yet the box in which the cart shipped was not damaged which means these parts were damaged before they were packaged.With a pair of good pliers I was able to straighten out the bent metal areas and then assemble the cart. Assembly was a little awkward but did not take very much time, maybe 15 minutes.This is a heavy and well-made cart, solid and able to handle an appreciable amount of weight. It does not flex and wobble. I like the fact that there is a side shelf that hangs on one of the metal walls, suitable for putting in folders, a couple of books and other supplies. The casters are smooth and the cart rolls easily on carpeted floor. With a couple of light shelves within, this cart makes for a very nice printer stand, or even a laptop stand for those needing a mobile workstation (though this is not an ideal setup - I mention it as a possibility).Because this cart is designed to be a printer stand and not a mobile cart for laptops, there are no holes in the sides or in the top. Please keep this in mind before settling on this cart if the intent is to be used as a mobile station.I am satisfied with this cart, though the damaged parts right out of the box make me a little hesitant to recommend it. If you can deal with the possibility of doing a little work with the pliers before putting this cart together, it's a wonderful printer cart that's worth the cost. Had it not been for the pre-shipment damage I would have rated it higher.
This table is metal except for the wheels and the top.  The top is particle board.  It was fairly easy to put together.  It does recommend two people but I mostly put it together by myself.  To put the first step together, I did have my 12 year old hold it for me. After that, I did it on my own.  If you have two people, it'll be a snap.  It's a big enough size to hold a multi printer/scanner/fax.  It couldeven be used as a microwave stand. Easy to clean surface
I really like this printer stand and am actually using it as a desk.  I like the side pocket and the smooth rolling casters. However, the instructions were horrible and 4 pieces were damaged quite badly in the shipping process.  Even the top was marred.  Many scrapes and a bent shelf were noticeable.  If I wouldn't have received this as a &#34;Vine&#34; selection for review, I would have promptly sent it back because of all the damage.  If you could guarantee you would get a perfect one, I would say it is worth the price.  Very sturdy and nice looking!
These are just OK.  They don't seem to work any better than the off-brand ones I can get at the Dollar Tree for - yep - a dollar for a 2-pack.  I still had trouble getting some colors off the whiteboard.  What I DO find these useful for though - we have a pocket door that sticks sometimes, and gets dark marks on the off-white paint where it rubs inside the frame.  These are pretty good at removing those rub marks.  Not impressed with the intended use so much though.
I like this eraser because it is effective at erasing dry erase markers without a spray cleaner.  The first several times, I just used the eraser dry and it worked great.  I question the durability of the eraser though because after I wet it for the first time, a big chunk of the white layer broke off.
Not having used other whiteboard erasers, I cannot say how this compares.I'm not even sure how it compares to a ordinary sturdy sponge. Perhaps slightly more abrasive. But it's still just a sponge. Nothing magic to it.Used dry, the sponge made no impact at all on some weeks-old writing on our whiteboard. As directed, I wet the sponge and tried again. Still nothing, until I rubbed vigorously.I guess this is more convenient than my usual method: a cotton ball dipped in fingernail polish remover, which requires retrieval from the bathroom down the hall.  But that definitely required less elbow grease than this sponge and resulted in a cleaner surface.Also, our white board has no tray for storing the sponge, so it will probably get lost in a drawer.Perhaps this is meant for larger, corporate whiteboards. But still, if the ink has set for any time, it's going to take some rubbing to remove.
This eraser cleans a whiteboard efficiently and smoothly.It has a gentle texture and like most 3M products functions well.I found cheaper and whiteboard erasers that were just as good, but did cost less. They are all pretty similar after all and I don't think I'll stick to this eraser as I've gotten them for less, although I will use them until they wear out.
I have been using whiteboards for a long time and have a board that has faint residue from having been written on with an incompatible type of dry erase marker - nothing has been able to get that out, even using a cleaner that removes permanent marker still left some residual discoloration. I tried out this 3M eraser on the board and found that it does clean better than a regular whiteboard eraser but it still couldn't remove those old residue marks when moistened.This eraser is sponge-like, having one side that has the eraser surface and the other side (colored blue) for your grip. The package comes with two, which implies that like most sponges these wear out after a while so you'll need more than one. It is convenient to have a whiteboard eraser that does a good cleaning job without requiring cleaning fluid (a bit of water does the trick with these erasers). However, it seems to me like 3M is making a big profit on these - erasers that may not last too long and which are like a sponge except twice the price. If used properly, dry erase boards don't need extra duty cleaning too much. Thus, I would use these erasers sparingly so that they don't wear out, and just use regular whiteboard erasers most of the time.
I ordered the 3M Whiteboard Eraser for Permanent Markers and Whiteboards to use with the whiteboard in my office at work. I was hoping that this eraser would work better than paper towels.I use theBIC Great Erase Grip "Pocket" Dry Erase Marker, Fine Point, Assorted, 6 Dry Erase Markers (GDEP61-Ast)to write on the board. They don't always wipe completely away - in fact they frequently leave a residue that I have been unable to remove with paper towels or even window cleaner. The 3M Whiteboard Eraser instructs you to wet the white side to remove stubborn ink from a whiteboard, but even that didn't work. The only thing that did finally clean the board was some good old WD-40.Is the 3M Whiteboard Eraser at fault or is the BIC Dry Erase Marker the problem? Perhaps both? I really hoped that the 3M Whiteboard Eraser would work better.I can't give them five stars, but I don't think they deserve less than three. They do an OK job at a quick clean, but do not remove every mark well. If you just want to do a quick wipe so you can use the board again, these are fine, but if you need the board to be spic and span again, these won't do the trick.
I have a white board in my office for impromptu presentations.  I usually take Windex to it. These 3M erasers offered the potential to take off more of the pen dust and make the board look cleaner--and I can write more and not wait for the cleaned board to dry. These look as if they are based on the wildly successful Magic Sponge (which I have to say will clean white painted woodwork like nobody's business.)While not as cheap as my usual method (paper towel and Windex) they looked useful for a quick erase, but...they took quite a bit of rubbing on the white side (the blue, rougher) didn't even work and I didn't find my board was really clean afterwards. I think for freshly dried dry ink, you might find these work well but utlimately, I'm not going to purchase these erasers and will stick with the paper towel method.
This is a whiteboard eraser, made if a blue sponge glued to a white sponge.  Yes, it does erase whiteboards (assuming you are erasing dry erase markers).  And, it erases about as good as any other eraser that I've usedPros* it works* can easily wash the dry ink dust out of it (I used a little dish-washing soap, and just worked it a little, and it came clean)Cons* even with great Amazon pricing, it sort of expensive for 2 sponges (these are not that fancy)* no handle, so you are holding the sponge (I used the white side to clean, and used the blue side to hold onto it)
As far as I can tell, these areMr. Clean magic eraserscut to look like whiteboard erasers, with blue foam handles.  They work well, but not better than my old tool, paper towels plus 409 cleaning spray.What's good:- These look great standing next to my whiteboards and markers.- They work great.  Dry, they erase fresh whiteboard marker ink, but leave some marks if I use them on month old, dried on ink.  With a little water, they work on that dried on ink, and on permanent marker.What could be better:- Mostly, these are pricey, especially compared to the alternatives.  Dry, they don't work much better than a regular reusable eraser, and wet, they work about as well as a paper towel and cleaning spray.
Whiteboards are great tools, but if you leave marker on the board for too long they can turn into an awful mess (regardless of whether the marker was either a "whiteboard" marker or a permanent one) with lots of shadowing that makes it difficult to read.  Therefore, I was really excited when I read the blurb for this product and how it was specifically designed to clean those issues up.I have one of those whiteboards with a lot of shadowing so it was the perfect opportunity to test the eraser.  Unfortunately, it really didn't make a difference with my board.  Eventually, after much scrubbing and adding water to the rougher side the whiteboard did come somewhat clean but the shadowing still exists.  After doing this test, I decided to just try it against a napkin that I had and I honestly think that worked better and didn't cost me a thing.Does it erase markers from a whiteboard?  Yes.Does it do it any better than anything else?  Not really.
The white side of this is the same melamine foam used in Mr. Clean Magic Eraser (and it's cheaper knock offs). The other side is a polyurethane foam that is supposed to protect your skin from the magic eraser side.I tested it on two dry erase boards that had dry erase marker on them. It worked just as well as the erasers that came with the boards, but there was more resistance. It made me wonder if long-term use would start to abrade the white board surface.The real test was when I tried it on one of our ancient whiteboards that print to heat sensitive paper.  Some idiot had used a Marks-A-Lot on it years ago--we had a project number in 4-inch-high letters running across the top of the board since 2004. It didn't come off when I used the eraser dry. However, after wetting the eraser, the permanent ink came off pretty easily. It left a slight shadow, but you'd only see it if you were standing at the board in good lighting.Personally, I don't see spending the money to get this whiteboard eraser for everyday use. A regular magnetic white board eraser works just as well on marks made with dry erase markers--the erasers do need to be cleaned/replaced once in a while. And the magnetic ones stick to the board, so they don't fall to the floor as often.However, if you have a situation where permanent marker has been used on a white board, you may want to give wet melamine foam a shot for removing it.The product also warns that it can cause abrasions to skin.
I've always used an ordinary tissue, sometimes moistened, to clean my whiteboard. These erasers do essentially the same thing as tissues, but they don't shred, they can be re-used, and they're easy to hold. Otherwise there's nothing about them that convinces me I should actually spend money for them. If you prefer a durable, easy-to-hold, easy-to-use whiteboard eraser, you might invest in this, but if you're watching your wallet, you can stick to damp tissues.
Strange and somewhat inconvenient to add water to a dry-erase eraser.  I suppose some dry-erase markers do not erase very well unless some moisture is added, and that's where these can help out.  I try to avoid such crummy markers but I had a few to test out.  This eraser did a very good job erasing tough markers after being moistened.  I compared this to a wet paper towel, and the wet paper towel had a tough time getting the marker off.  The 3M product worked like a champ.  There must be something special about the texture of the white part of this eraser.
Used these for my chore board where sometimes I use the wrong marker for my kid's household duties. While it did the trick of cleaning the board very well, the white backing seemed to clump so I do not see these lasting too long under my use. The other was used on glass and did a lot better as a good cleaning sponge. I would recommended this for either an initial cleaning or one a month maintenance product, rather than an everday eraser to use.
This whiteboard eraser is really just a Mr.Clean Magic Eraser with a blue, foamy 'handle' on the back. You don't use the blue part to erase, just the white part. The instructions say to dampen the white portion to remove difficult stains. It does erase very well and leaves my white board clean...just like the magic eraser that I already have does.My problem with this eraser is that it has no way of sticking to the white board. Traditional white board erasers are attached to a magnet so that they're always right there stuck on the board when you need them. This one is just a sponge. No magnet. So if you have a white board like mine, that does not have a tray at the bottom to store things like this, you might find it somewhat inconvenient. I did.
... but it sure works pretty well.I was very surprised at how nicely it worked dry. I thought, hey, just a piece of sponge - how special can it be?My board has had a lot of use - especially with markers that weren't meant to be used on a white board. However, with just a little soaking, this thing worked wonders, and kept the board pretty dry. I didn't have to use another paper towel to wipe off the liquid.However, it does get pretty nasty after use. It needs to be very thoroughly cleaned, otherwise, just touching it will make your hand dirty.Okay, I have an update now after a month's use:Once you've used water to clean (which worked wonders), the board becomes more difficult to erase. This happens also when I use a white board cleaner, so it might be due to my board. Also, once you've used it with water, even after the eraser has dried, it's not nearly as easy to use anymore. It gets the board dirty with the residue dusts.
The claims it makes are all true. It cleans dry erase marks and when you get it wet it'll erase permanent markers.Here is what I don't like.-The shape. It's awkward and soft.-The design/color. Everyone who tried it wanted to grab it at white side and erase with the blue part. This is the opposite of what the directions indicate.-The shape. I don't know why they made it awkward.So I would recommend it as a backup eraser in case someone uses a sharpie on the board. But I wouldn't recommend it as an everyday eraser just because of the ergonomic.
I received this product free for review and was eager to try it. As a teacher and Educational Therapist, I sometimes have items to laminate and it would be very handy not to run to Staples for this purpose.The laminator is small, lightweight, portable, has a carrying handle, and takes up a minimum of space even though it can laminate something as wide as 12.5 inches. These are definite pluses, since this is not something I would want set up all the time. It is easy to store, easy to take out.I found the instructions confusing. For example, the laminator does both cold and hot laminating, but nowhere does it explain why one would choose one or the other. Also, the laminator came with a package of laminating pouches. Apparently there are different kinds of pouches you use depending on whether you are doing hot or cold lamination, although the instructions do not make this clear. But the package did not indicate what kind the included pouches were. So I tried them first with cold laminating, only they did not fit the instructions for cold lamination because there was no "protective sheet" to peel away as the instructions indicated. So apparently they are for hot laminating. It would have been helpful if the pouches had been labeled as such, and if the instructions made it clear that you needed to use a specific kind of pouch depending on whether you are using the hot or cold setting, so I did not have to figure this out by trial and error. Maybe they could have included both kinds in the package. There is also a little instructional chart indicating the steps for usage in pictorial format, but it does not clarify things.The above problems are things that one could adjust to. And once you have sorted through the instructions, it is actually very easy to use. However, I was disappointed with the finished laminated project. I positioned the pouch perfectly and it passed through the laminator without shifting position, jamming, or any other problem. And yet, the finished product was somewhat wrinkly, as if it had heated unevenly, and had numerous bubbles under the surface.This is not a laminator I would use for something I cared a lot about, such as photos, important documents, or your child's precious artwork. For more functional purposes where aesthetics don't matter, it does an adequate job. It is very handy to have, and I will probably use it for charts, flash cards, and other simple jobs. However, it unfortunately won't be able to eliminate my trips to Staples for jobs where looks really matter.
There are so many gadgets offered these days. Some of them are quite handy... things most people use quite often. But there are others which will only be useful to those who have a specialized need for them. This laminator is one of those in my opinion. If you wish to laminate paper items which will be handled by many people such as menus or perhaps, flash cards used by children... lamination may be a nice solution as it allows you to clean things up nicely after each use. Many items that used to be laminated to save in archives are now simply scanned into your computer and can even be enhanced greatly once digitized. If an original is precious, then simple lamination is not the way to go at all... preservation of originals considered precious is an art in itself...lamination is almost never recommended for that. This device is a simple and limited tool. Limited to mainly 3 mil material. If you are thinking place mats I think you need to find one more heavy duty. I had no problems with the function of the unit. So if it is right for you with its limitations I can recommend it.
I had a hard time installing this keyboard tray. I did not have a complete flat surface underneath my desk so I had to drill holes into the metal to install the bracket. When I went through all that trouble and it was finally done I was then unable to attach the keyboard tray to the rail because one of the screws was caught against the tray. It was one of the original screws in the center, default position (not one of the holes I drilled). Obviously it was annoying and confusing as to why it would not install with the default screw and position, clearly labeled in the manual. I did a better job drilling and making the screws flush myself. At that point I finally gave up because it was not worth the trouble. The deal breaker was when installing it, I felt the entire thing when put together was just too heavy even though I had a sturdy desk. Over time I was worried that it would not be stable enough, sliding it in and out on a daily basis. Even though it did not work out for me it might for someone else and its not entirely all cons. The ergonomics seem very good and heft translates to well built and sturdy. So for anyone interested in purchasing this keyboard tray I would recommend having a drill ready just in case some modification is necessary and make sure you have a sturdy, solid wood desk.
This looks like a very nice keyboard tray, but I was unable to install it.WHAT KIND OF DESK?The description says it fits most desks, but it does not fit mine.  The track is a little less than 22 inches.  My desk is a little deeper than that, but there is wood towards the front and back, so I do not have 22 inches of flat surface on the underside of my desk from front to back.There is another problem.  My desk has a front lip.  You know, the piece of wood along the front edge that protrudes downwards.  This forces the user to keep the keyboard at a height that is below the bottom of the lip.  If the desk does not have a lip, the tray can be adjusted upward.WHAT KIND OF KEYBOARD?I have several keyboards.  The tray fits my smaller keyboards, but the heftier ones were too big.  Keyboards have to be smaller than 17 1/2" x 8 1/4" for a comfortable fit.EVALUATING SOME FEATURESSince I cannot install the laptop tray, I tried placing this laptop tray on a desk that has a keyboard drawer to get a feel for some of the other features of this keyboard tray.  My keyboard drawer is at the height I use everyday, so it would be a good approximation of how I'd use the tray.The wrist pad is comfortable.  It's soft and a good thickness.The mouse platform can be placed anywhere along the left or right side of the tray.  The height can be adjusted up or down and it can swivel 360 degrees.  In the down position, it is farther away from the keyboard, since it cannot be adjusted down over the keyboard without hitting and obstructing the keyboard.  As it is, my arm feels a little far and high from the keyboard when I use the platform.  I am used to my mouse next to my keyboard in my keyboard drawer.  I love how the mouse platform feels and looks, though.  It's very attractive.PROS:+ attractive, would look great in most offices+ mouse platform (can be used on either side and adjusts up, down, swivels)+ comfortable wrist pad+ tray adjusts up, down, swivelsCONS:- does not fit all desks- does not fit all keyboards- desks with lip limits its functionalitySUMMARYThis looks like a nice tray, but it's not for everyone.  Be sure to check the dimensions of your desk and keyboard before buying.
There are a lot of things I liked about this Keyboard Tray, but for the most part I have to give it an average 3 stars because I didn't feel like it was a life changing product.The first thing I liked was that setup was unexpectedly easy, not being the handy man type I was very nice about any kind of installing procedure, but by following the directions I managed to get it all setup fairly quickly.Now about how helpful in regards to posture and such.  I have two computers, one on a desk that already had a sliding keyboard tray and the other a flat table like thing which I installed this on.  I do feel I type better with the sliding tray, it makes my posture straighter, and it feels easier on my eyes because I'm a farther distance away from the screen.  However, comparing this Keyboard tray to my sliding desk, the sliding desk wins hands down.  The Fellowes product is sturdy, but it's small and does at times feel weak and cramped.  Imagining an office setting, I don't think it would be unbearable to continue working with the keyboard on a level desk, or simply easier to upgrade the entire desk to one with a sliding keyboard tray.Overall, I think you know whether or not you need a product like this.  The truth is, it does work as advertized, but be warned that while it saves space and helps with posture, it's not perfect and a little wobbly and cramped.  My advice, if it's possible, is to start with a desk that has a sliding keyboard tray or perhaps even buy a new desk all together if you feel the need for such a contraption.
There is nothing terribly special about these folders, but for the price I guess I expected them to be stronger. I also expected vibrant colors as seen in the picture. Instead, they are the same drab colors as most folders of this type and flimsy cardstock paper. I do like the thicker cardboard insert to make them stay flat on the bottom, thus the three stars. I think that is a wonderful idea, just expected a more quality product.
These hanging folders are sturdy and well made and they will work well if you need them to hold things such as books or bound items.  They do not work well at all for papers or loose things.  I tried to just not use the expander part in the bottom for some items, but then of course the folder is too tall for the file box.  I did manage to tape some of the bottoms together to make regular folders out of them, and that seems to be working fine.  They're good folders, but they are for a very specific need, so be sure to read the description carefully and know what you're buying.
I have used traditional handing folders quite a bit, so I'll be comparing those to these Smead 2-Inch expansion folders.  The two noticeable features of these folders are the various colors and the extra depth.  Having different colors really makes it faster to find items in your file cabinet, so this is a welcomed feature.  The 2" depth is helpful as well for folders that contain a lot of items.  With a standard hanging folder, you feel as if you are pushing the limits and may tear the folder if you put 2" of items in them.Smead folders seem well built and will likely stand up to the test of time.  I've had some cheap folders rip on me so I do know that not all folders are created equally.  Smead's passed some basic strength tests I tried on them.  The product is also easy to assemble.  You simply put in the bottom cardboard insert and add your folder labels.Sadly, the cost of these folders is outrageous hence the 3 star review.  I just don't understand why such a simple product could be so expensive.
This tape is really meant for wrapping gifts.  I would not recommend using it for packing packages to be mailed, the tape tears easily, as a matter of fact in the time I have used it have not been able to rip off a clean straight line without some ragged piece.I think some are confused by the &#34;invisible&#34; in the description.  It does not mean the tape is see-thru but it means that when you use the tape with wrapping paper it becomes &#34;invisible&#34; because of the matte finish and has no glossy reflection.  Recommended only for wrapping gifts.
You get more inches of tape with the Duck Brand than you do with Scotch brand tape, but I'm not sure the savings is worth it when it comes to my usages. First, this tape isn't as sticky as Scotch Brand. Second, my tape wasn't invisible.  In fact, it turned whitish when on yellow wrapping paper and looked sort of tacky. Fortunately, it was just for my kids' birthday presents and they aren't attentive to esthetics.These same features though make this tape good for projects done by little children. If I still had toddlers and preschoolers around the house, I would purchase Duck Brand tape for their arts and crafts. The less sticky in this case is a feature.  For heavy papers, like kids use for hands on experience, this means that paper items may be repositioned with out the devastating rip.Overall though, it's not a tape I would buy for myself since there's just not enough savings... and I need sticky.
I ordered this item to do a lot of laminating work for some upcoming events to make my signs stand up in the often lousy wet climate that we have in my area. I've put about 30+ sheets through it so far and it's done rather well but I have a concern about being able to clean the machine if something happens.Having the ability to clean the machine would be a great add to this product. I didn't want purchase the much more expensive models that allow for the system to be opened and cleaned so I kind of did it to myself but I honestly don't see why they haven't made it hinged so that the user can clean out any material that may build up on the rollers or whatever else in there.I've been using the fellows brand sheets which have proven to be rather reliable but I have used some other off brand sheets that I had laying around, I did notice that they were not coming out nearly as clean as the fellows brand product. So be aware that you may want to stick with the same brand due to performance of the machine.Pros:Simple to operate unitHeats up pretty quickdecently fast feed per sheetworks rather well.Cons:Does not fully feed the sheets out of the machine.strong odor of burning/melting plastic first use and several uses after.potential to get jammed with no easy method to open the casenot hinged to allow for cleaningoddly not able to accept 5mil products unless they are rather small.DO NOT LEAVE THIS PRODUCT UNATTENDED WHILE IN USE AND LAMINATE MATERIAL IS BEING PROCESSED. It does not fully feed the sheets out of the unit once they have been completed and there is the potential to start a fire or at bare minimum cause serious damage to the machine as a result. You can let it heat up unattended but not when product is in it. If it wasn't for this flaw I would have rated it a lot higher but this is a major concern for me and should be fore anyone else. If you get side tracked with conversation with a co-worker or friend you can easily forget to pull the sheet completely out which could very well result in serious problems.
I received the Fellowes Starlet 90 Home Binder as part of the Amazon Vine Reviewer Program, along with supplies to test drive it.  NOTE: these supplies -Fellowes 5/16in Black Binding Combs (25 Pack),Fellowes Binding Covers Expressions Grain, Oversize, Navy, 50 Pack (52127), andFellowes Transparent Presentation Binding Cover, PVC Material, 8.75 x 11.25 Inches, Clear, 25 per Pack (52309)were sent with the Amazon Vine packaging of this item, but are NOT INCLUDED with the item and must be purchased separately. Covers were 'mid-weight' for this light-duty use machine.Having never tried a binder, I was eager to give this one a go. I quickly got stuck on how to load the binding comb and the directions were no help. After several frustrating minutes looking at the diagrams and wishing the pictures were more clear,  I went online and found a Fellowes binder  video on YouTube (for a different model from Fellowes), which gave me a tip regarding how the comb should be placed with the teeth up and facing the user.  That tip did the trick, and allowed me to figure out how to load and bind after about 30 minutes of scratching my head.There are essentially three steps to using this machine:  punch holes  for the pages and the covers, set-up the comb binding in the machine, and then bind your project.  But before any of this can occur you have to buy supplies, which do not ship with this unit.You need to purchase binding combs in the appropriate size for your projects (larger comb size means more pages that can be bound together - up to 90 for the " comb), and covers if desired. Once you have these accessories, which are actually `necessities', you can begin the process.The good news...after all the frustration I encountered trying to use this unit for the first time, I liked the end product - a professional looking binding job.  It is sold as a light-duty binder with a 2 year warranty.  It's not for those who have large or multiple projects.  If you are looking for one of those I'd consider this one:Fellowes Quasar 500 Comb Binding Machine (52168)or theFellowes Galaxy e-Wire Binding System, Gray (5217801)instead.The bad news...the lack of directions on binding comb placement and how to put on the paper to be bound on the combs, needs much improvement. Novice users like me will find this part very frustrating with the existing instructions.  This unit also needs to be shipped with a sample pack of binding combs and covers. You can't even try it out without them!Rating: 3 out of 5 stars. The poor directions and the overly optimistic recommendations for number of sheets of paper to punch at one time (7 is recommended and I think 5 works best), indicating that you can both punch holes and bind at the same time (you can't without four hands...), and for the lack of side guides to assist in keeping the paper to be punched in place, all were negatives for me regarding this product.Bottom line: it's not terrible, but it's not great either.I would recommend this binder for students, light office use and home crafters with  projects such as calendars and scrapbooks on their agenda. If your needs are for frequent (daily), thick or multiple projects, I'd consider other binders. Perhaps an electric one?Check out the Fellowes extensive line-up of products and see which one meets your needs.  The quality is not the issue, but your level of experience with this type of project and the jobs you need to get done may be.
I print a lot of sewing and knitting patterns, I try to keep them in 3 ring binders, but they tend to get 'lost' among each other.  My kids are in 4H and are always needing to put a report or something together, so I thought this would be a great little machine for the entire family.Currently I have a huge, heavy old dinosaur of a binder sitting in my office, it takes up space and is very heavy, so right off the bat I loved the compact size of the Fellowes Starlet 90, I can easily put it inside my desk or slip it on a shelf.I have tried cutting/binding with regular card stock, Fellowes Crystal clear presentation covers which were given to me along with the machine for review purposes and Fellowes Expressions black presentation covers also given to me for review.  Each one punched with ease and I did not have any problems lining the pages up for cutting.  There is a little button on the left that adjusts where you cut, I think this could have been better designed.As far as the binding process, it has gone quite smoothly, I haven't had any problems with the combs.  I do think it would be nice if the teeth were a bit longer for larger projects, but then again, you can purchase the larger model if you're going to be binding large items.There is a storage drawer under the machine that holds your combs, I tried it out, it doesn't hold an entire box of combs but well over half of them fit.  One other neat idea is that there is a comb gauge, you can put your papers into a slot and see what size comb you should use, very handy.  There are also comb gauges so if you take them out of the box you can measure to be certain of their size.The slip out bin that collects cuttings is handy as well, no problems there.The only thing I may question is the durability of the left-sided handle which you use to ope and shut your combs, it feels a bit flimsy.All in all this appears to be a great machine, the reason I gave it 3 stars is because I am a bit concerned with durability and I wish there was a way to 'lock' the cover and right side lever for storage purposes.  After continued use I will update my review and let you know how it's holding up!*I received the Fellowes Home Comb Binder Starlet 90 in exchange for review from the Amazon Vine product.  Included for review purposes were the combs and the binding covers, these do NOT come with the machine.
The Aurora AS890C Shredder is a small to medium size shredder perfect for those who need to shred on occasion but do not need a large, heavy duty machine to do the job. Its size makes it useful for either the home or office where it can easily fit into small, compact spaces.Shredders are necessary for destroying confidential information and one factor that sets them apart is the way they cut. This shredder is a crosscut shredder, which means it shreds the paper into small pieces rather than in long, ribbon- like strands. Many like the cross cut method better because it makes it nearly impossible to join the pieces back together.  I agree that crosscut is better, but keep in mind is that, while the manufacturer likes to say this is a confetti type shredder, this statement should not be taken literally. It doesn't cut the paper into tiny squares, like pieces of confetti, but rather into rectangular pieces about 1.5 inches in length and three- eighths of an inch in width. This is not what I would call confetti, but it is certainly good enough to deter potential thieves.I like the way this shredder slices up paper and I like that it can handle credit cards, paper clips, and staples without jamming. But I still have a few issues with this shredder and the first one is its claim that it can handle up to eight sheets of paper. Unless the paper in your hands is tissue paper, eight sheets will likely not work very well. Place eight sheets in this shredder at once and it might be able to handle them, or it may jam and have to be reveresed. I find it works best if the number of sheets is limited to no more than six.The other important issue I have with this shredder is one you don't notice at first, and that it its lack of a continuous "ON" setting. What that means is that you cannot turn it on and leave it running while you feed through multiple stacks of paper. There is nothing more than an Auto setting and while this is fine for most shredding uses, it doesn't work so well when you have a large stack of paper to shred at once. With an Auto setting, the shredder shuts itself off a second or two after each shredding. With a large stack of paper to shred, the lack of an ON setting will add some time to the task.Shredders are essential for both the home and office and while most are similar in what they do, there are some key differences that make some better than others. The Aurora AS890C Shredder is lacking in a few areas, but it is still a good shredder for home or office and one I will continue to use when sensitive documents need to be safely eliminated. The cross- cut action is very good and while I would like it better if there was an "On" setting and other features, it still has many good qualities and it is tough to beat for the price.
I like these things OK, but I'm not sure they're really worth the almost $7 for a package.Good points:1) I like the fact that they stick onto the hanging folder (or anything, for that matter) and solidly enough that they don't seem as though they'll lose their grip any time soon. (I've only had them for a week so I don't know yet.)2) I find it easier to read what is written on them than when using the typical colored plastic tabs for hanging folders, as you're looking at ink on white, rather than writing on a white tab that you then put in a colored plastic thingie.Not-as-good points:1) The visible area on which you can write is smaller than the typical tabs.2) The colored strip at the top is fairly small and if you're used to using the color of the tab to 'mean something' then since the color on these is more subtle, it won't leap out as much.All in all, they're OK.
I like these, but not for their intended purpose. They stick too lightly for me, and I clumsily knock them off of my hanging files. However, they're great for marking often-used pages in reference books, because they're very sturdy and easy to grab onto.
These are very durable - durable enough for permanent use. They stick well and can be removed and re-stuck several times before they lose their stickiness. You can write on them with pen or pencil.Good assortment of (4) colors.They are angled for use with hanging files. Because of the angle, they aren't appropriate for tabbing documents or bound material. There is a similar product that is not angled for this purpose.Most hanging folders have slots for tabs and come with a supply. I'm not sure there is a real need for these, but they do work well.
I didn't look at this well before ordering.  The tabs are a part of the hanging folder, permanently.  So, using these in a drawer with regular folders with or without tabs doesn't work really well.  I like the folders themselves.  They are well constructed and hold a lot.  The permanent tab won't break or come off.  So, if you have a drawer that only has this type of folder, they would be great.  They aren't good for integrating into drawers with the old types of folders, too.
These would be for those files that you do not want to print tab labels for.  These are as good as any other hanging file folders.  But if you want that crisp clean look, you are still going to print labels for the tab.  Also, if you want the tabs to be in order, you cannot just move the plastic tabs over, you are going to have to move the contents to another folder.But if you are just looking for simple hanging folder holders, these are probably what you want.
These are great light-duty magnets, well suited for the types of things one may hang on a refrigerator. In the title & description, they're referred to as "High Power Magnets," but that's misleading. One of these may hold 4 or 5 sheets of paper onto a refrigerator, but I wouldn't trust it to hold anything thicker or heavier.Other than the misleading "High Power" description, the reason I'm giving these 3 stars is the price per magnet. Currently, these are roughly 6 dollars for a pack of 10, or 60 cents each. That's pretty expensive for a cheap plastic-covered magnet.
The antimicrobial actually bothers me because I've never gotten sick from a wrist rest and I feel that the company jumped on the current antimicrobial/antibacterial bandwagon to drum up more sales.  Also, the vinyl cover easily wipes clean, so the antimicrobial protection seems unnecessary.However, the wrist rest is comfortable, not as squishy as my softer gel wrist rests for the keyboard, but heavy enough on the bottom to be stable, unless you have it on the edge of the desk.  I had the issue of it falling off the edge, but I moved it from home to work and it's worked out fine.The back is not too grippy on the table I use as a desk, but it's sturdy enough to stay where I put it in front of the mouse.  This wrist rest works well for those who don't use a mouse pad but need something to rest your hand when moving back and forth in active data entry.  If you have a mouse pad, I'd recommend using a wrist rest with attached mousepad, as they wouldn't separate as much.***********UPDATE****************I just changed this from 4 stars to 3 stars because the darn thing keeps falling off my desk at work.  Somehow it stayed on my home desk but when I brought it to work to use, it doesn't want to stay on my desk.  This should definitely be a deterrent to those who wouldn't be sure if that would happen or not, so I'd buy a combined wristrest/mousepad if I did it all over again.
This is not very comfortable and feels really cheap. It definitely seems durable, but it does little to relieve pain or discomfort. I am generally not a fan of 3M, so I would seek other brands before deciding to buy something like this. Kind of a waste of money, in my opinion.
Not really as soft as I would have liked it.  Because of this, it's too high for my apple keyboard. Good quality construction though.
The wrist rest is great.  I got it to use with my laptop, but since I have my laptop at an angle, I can't use the wrist rest.  Would probably work best with a desktop computer.
I revisited this review after using the product for 2 weeks.  My original review appears below.  I had noted that I use wrist rests because of arthritis, and I have used them for several years and tried several brands.  While the 3m leatherette pad may look nice on a desk it is not as comfortabel as the fellows pad and does not do as well in terms of reducing fatige, or joint pain.  I have substantially more joint pain after using this pad for 2 weeks than I did with the fellows gel pad .Fellowes Purple Gel Crystal Flex Rest Transparent Mini Wrist Restwhich is a fraction the cost.  Which is better for you will depend on your priorities and needs.  The 3m pad is clearly a nice. more professional looking pad, but for those of us with arthritis (I am assuming other arthritis sufferers will feel this way, though I could be wrong) comfort, reduced fatigue and joint pain are more of an issue, at least for myself I can say this is the case. So, after trying it for 2 weeks, I am going back to the fellowes pad.  I am more than willing to live with a funny looking purple pad on my desk if it helps me feel better.  for me there is a huge difference between the 2.  the 3m pad creates as somewhat awkward hand position which incurs additional wrist strain (not beyond having no pad, but by comparison to all the other pads I have used).  I forgot the brand of the first wrist rest I had, which did not last very long (it was a cheap drug strore gel pad) but both that and the fellowes pad which I have had for over a year, are more comfortable than this pad and really help relieve arthritis pain, which this one does not do.  if you do not have arthritis or suffer from wrist fatigue then perhaps appearances are more important for you.  if you, I would suggest that you consider the gel pads.  for me it has made a huge difference.Because I have arthritis in my wrists I have a difficult time working at the computer for very long without a wrist rest.  At this point I have been through several over the years, and so I have the basis to compare them.  The 3m gel wrist rest is a little different from the others I have used on a few counts.  While it is called compact, at 18 inches it is roughly 4-5x the size of the others I have used.  this can be a positive or a negative.  On the plus side you have range of movement and do not have to keep your arm or wrist in the same position.  The only real downside regards the length is how much room it takes up on your desk.  For me this is a bit of an issue (but I am hoping so just for a short time) as my high end led monitor lasted a sum total of 3 months (and the company replaced it 5 times with defective units over the next 3 years...) so I am back to using a 20 year old monitor which is a desk hog making it difficult to find room for much else.The wrist rest is also firmer and lower than the one I have been using (a fellows).  I did not think it would be as comfortable but so far it is pretty good even if not as soft.  more of an issue is the height.  It is about half as thick as the fellowes nd 1/3 the height of my mouse which sometimes puts my wrist at an awkward angle.  It may well be that I am just used to the other which I have used for years but it has taken a bit of getting used to, and I suspect it will be a few eeeks before I decide which I perfer, that being determined in large part by whether the height/ sngle causes strain.The 3m rest is also treated with an antimicrobial which is nice, particularly in the humid environment in which I live, but when it arrived it felt a bit sticky (it still does).  I am hoping that goes away soon or I will abandon it as it is a somewhat uncomfortable feeling.Otherwise it looks liek a sturdy and well made product and one I expect will last longer than others I have had.  My first cracked and started oozing gel after a year or so, but that said, the fellows pad has held up for a couple of years now with no sign of it breaking down.whther this will work for you will be determined by the room you have on your desk and the height of your mouse.  Mine is a pretty conventional size; the logitech optical (full size) about the same size as others I have had.  If you are used to working without a wrist rest the lower height might be preferable.  If you are used to working with one, this is lower than either of the others I have had.
I have one of those Dell keyboards. They are very thin, and this gel wrest sits too high to work right. It is extremely comfortable and I can see how it would be really great..but not on a thin keyboard
This is an extra long gel rest and it certainly is extra long. It will cover your keyboard area and mouse area with ease. However for me I did not like the dual purpose. My mouse and keyboard are not in a straight line  and if any is angled or slanted, this long rest naturally doesn't accomadate that. It is quite soft and the quality seems very nice complete with a non slip bottom. Its pretty firm too, not mushy like other gel rests.It is anti-microbial which is nice as it inhibits the growth of bacteria which causes stains, odors and such. It also comes with a year warrenty. It is very easy to clean, just wipe it down.All in all if you don't mind keeping your keyboard and mouse aligned straight this will work well for you. Personaly mine are offset a bit, so its not a good choice for me.
This wrist rest is well made but it is really big! 25 inches covers keyboard, mouse and beyond. Height is also much higher than most keyboards and it was very awkward to use on iMac and Dell keyboards. I ended up not using it.Your keyboard has to be fairly high for this wrist rest to provide comfort to you. I got 25 inches long wrist rest from Amazon Vine and had no choice in selection but they do make it in 18 and 19 inches size. Before you order, take a measurement of the keyboard and decide the length of wrist rest you need.However, for most keyboards it is very big, both in length and height dimensions, and will provide no rest to you wrist.
I have a simple laser mouse, therefore, I don't use a mouse pad. I had thought perhaps this would be great on my desk, which is very dark chocolate brown.It looks great on the desk, and with my computers. However, it's a bit hard, and I actually feel more comfortable without it. If it would be more supportive and supple, I would have given it a better rating. The bottom side of my arm and wrist start to hurt after half an hour or so.Its non-slip bottom also isn't very effective because once dust gets on it, it no longer grabs the desk as easily. I have a wooden desk.However, it's built well, a hefty piece of wrist wrest and looks great on my dark desk with my black keyboard and black laptop.
This gel wrist support is great and gives good support while I'm typing, but it's not as soft as I expected a gel filled support to be.  It doesn't have much 'give' at all, it's pretty solid.  It does the job and I've had no problems with it.  I don't really like the extra length that goes over to the mouse.  I keep it slid down to the other side.  It's really awkward to use the mouse while my wrist or forearm is resting on it, and because it's not soft it makes my hand fall asleep from resting on it too long while I'm editing pictures for hours.  For me a regular length support would have been better, but this one still does the job.
This rest claims to be anti-bacterial; there's no way I can prove or disprove that fact. However the claim that it's anti-skid really doesn't hold up, it slips around much more than other rests I have used. The rest, I had before this, was a gel, it started leaking and luckily  I spotted it before it got into my keyboard. The seams on this are on the bottom which means, even if it leaks, it would probably not get into a keyboard.This rest has a black leatherette cover which is not as comfortable, (soft) and definitely not as good looking as the gel wrist rests. The box says it is made of comfort foam and memory foam, which I feel is misleading, since, to me it implies this is a soft wrist rest, which it is not.The straight edges do not fit in with the angle I wind up typing at; for those that want to keep their keyboard completely straight this would be great. It would also be suitable for those who want a firmer rest than most others.
While it removes staples, it is very hard to hold with it being such an odd shape. It removes large staples but it might take 2 hands to maneuver while removing the staple.
Bought this for my desk, but found I actually prefer the claw type because I rarely have to remove more than one heavy duty staple at a time.  This tool is about 6&#34; tall x 4&#34; long and it doesn't fit easily into my desk which is always overflowing with 'stuff'.  It's easy to use, and works as advertised.  If you need to remove a LOT of heavy duty staples, then this is the best tool for you.  If you only remove regular staples, then go with a claw!
I needed to remove a bunch of staples from a large stack of papers destined for the shredder, so I jumped at the chance to try this staple remover. However, I found it difficult to use. It didn't come with directions, so I had to figure out on my own that it works best if you place the stapled papers on a hard surface before attempting to remove the staples. (I was used to the little &#34;shark's bite&#34; staple removers that you can use mid-air, if you like.) Basically, you put the papers flat on a hard surface, then wiggle the flat part of the staple remover underneath the top part of the staple. This can be tricky. Once it's in place, you squeeze the handle and the staple pops out. Quite literally! I'm always terrified it's going to go flying across the room.This staple remover does work, but it's not the easiest or most intuitive device in the world. I'll give it three stars, but I can't really recommend it, not unless you're desperate for a staple remover and don't care if it's hard to use.
The tab will take a larger label-- BUT Don't try to put too much info on that tab -- some of it WILL be obscured by the papers that go into that folder.The colors are bright and certainly stand out in the file drawer, but the paper stock itself is NOT as heavy as your normal (even the discount) file folders. Thick presentations may cause a premature sag factor.  How this actually turns out in the long run is worth noting.This being said, the folders will be fun to use -- BUT would have been more functional (and probably would have been worth the expense) had the tab actually BEEN higher -- and had the paper stock actually been as "heavy" as your run-of-the-mill standard file folder.
The larger label size on these folders is an interesting idea, but, unfortunately, because the folders themselves are just large enough to contain 8-1/2" x 11" sheets of paper, much of the larger label area is "covered up" by the folders' contents, so the benefit of this larger label area goes largely unrealized.  Perhaps a better idea would have been to make these 1/2 cut tabs (wider, not deeper).I do wish they were made with heavier gauge paper (I'd rate them more highly if they were) but they will serve their purpose (and this thinner gauge paper is definitely the trend in manila folders these days).On the positive side, they'll fit in any standard file drawer (even with hanging index folders--i.e. Pendaflex).  Love the concept of easily increasing my file drawer's organization by filing by color code.The colors are very pretty pastels, but in my opinion are most suitable for a woman's private home office; I DO NOT think guys would like these, nor do I think they're suitable for a woman's work office, unless you work in a field like interior design.  3 stars!
From the description, I expected a really super-sized tab space.  At first glance it appears that this is the case, BUT once you put papers into the folder, the visible tab space is about the same as any other folder.  If you only put a few sheets of paper into it, then it is larger, but who files only a few sheets in a folder regularly - not me.  If you are putting in a bunch of sheets, or as you add to the folder,  basically the bottom of the tab is covered and only a normal size tab is visible.As far as folders go, the color are nice and make the tabs stand out in a crowded file drawer.  The quality is good, but I would not spend the extra money for them, not worth it for the normal sized tabs that you end up with.
I love the strength and colors of these folders and their size is sufficient for normal use.To overcome the problems noted in other reviews with insufficient tab size, I created new larger tabs that extend beyond the size of the paper.  Granted one wouldn't want to do this for 100 folders but it wasn't a problem for setting up a dozen folders.
The pastel colors for these files are great, I love using different colors to make my file cabinet a little more cheerful.  A few of the drawbacks I found to these are that these files are on the small side.  Most files have a little bit of extra space around the edges so the papers inside don't hang out.  Well these pretty much fit exactly a letter-sized paper.  Maybe this would encourage neater filing?  Also, the weight of the cardstock used here is fairly lightweight.  This is okay for light use but if your files get heavy wear, don't bother.The fact that these files has a larger space to write something on the tab is sort of inconsequential.  It actually doesn't matter much because once you put papers in it, the tab that shows is what you get with every other file.  You will see more of your paper showing where that big tab cutout is, that's all.My favorite types of files are the ones with the lighter color on the inside and the darker color on the outside of the file.  That way you can tell if you are putting papers inside the file or if you are misfiling.
As folders go, these are fine but the one "feature" it has is not a feature at all. As previous reviewers mentioned, the tab area is really the same once you put normal-sized paper into it. That said, if you are using these folders to organize things, say, photos, receipts or newspaper clippings, it would be ideal!I really liked the assorted colors; it just adds another dimension of organization. All black and white photos go into the blue folders, all the silly photos that I don't want to see the light of day but don't have the heart to chuck go in the yellow folders. The folders seem as thick/durable as ones I've used in the past so no complaints there.
Being an office product junkie, I leaped at the chance to try the Smead super tab folders in assorted colors. For me the colors are more useful for location and filing than are the tabs, whether regular tabs or the super sized tabs. In my file cabinet I eventually learn the colors and recognize yellow as my Subaru color and red as the credit card statements folder.What about these folders? In front of me at this very moment are two folders, one a new SuperTab and the other a regular tab folder pulled out of my filing cabinet. I notice that both folders are about he same width, but the SuperTab's body  is noticeably shorter.Both folder types are the same size at the tabs. I brought a handful of the SuperTabs to work thinking I'd impress my coworkers; none seemed impressed. Our office manager noted that the SuperTabs weren't as rigid as our work folders and that the SuperTab wasn't really an advantage in locating files because the larger label isn't entirely visible anyway with papers in the folder blocking the view.For those who require larger file labels because of the nature of the items filed or the variety of items filed in one folder, these larger tabbed folders might be useful. For this Potato Head there's not much to choose between the two designs, though I do prefer the folders with the fuller bodies.Of the four colors (red, green, blue, yellow) in this box of folders yellow is definitely my favorite. The yellow is bright and vivid and grabs one's attention is a sea of muted blues and greens. At least 10% of these folders is made from recycled content.
SIZEEach folder measures 11 9/16 x 8 9/16 inches. (Compare this to my other manila file folders which measure 11 3/4 x 9 inches.) They are SMALLER than standard file folders.The tabs are about 4 x 1 inches (as compared to about 3 3/4 x 1/2 inches.) So the tabs are definitely larger than standard, giving more room for labels.Primary COLORSBright yellow, red, blue and green.
The Tape Handband Dispenser would be a convenient labor-saving gizmo for anyone who does a lot of wrapping and uses 2-inch long Scotch tape strips to do so.Loading the dispenser with the 75-pack stack of tapes was easy because the 4 easy steps process was well illustrated on the back of the package. The strips come out when pulled and a new strip is ready to be pulled as soon as its predecessor is removed. However, the 'handband' setup, which is the reason behind this dispenser didn't work as expected. Whether worn on the fingers, in front of the knuckles or on the wrist, the pull required to get the tape out of the dispenser would move the dispenser itself because the elastic band would allow so, requiring continuous readjustment. Sometimes the entire dispenser would snap back and hit my fingers/wrist - OUCH!!! Every now and then the elastic itself would pop off its own restraints and that would require to stop everything and spend one minute getting it back in place.It's possible that a more skilled user would find this implement useful but I didn't. It gets 3 stars because regardless of the dispenser, the tapes are good and, when not worn on the wrist it's almost Okay to use.
This dispenser is handy, attractive and useful.  And darned expensive to use based upon list prices at the time of this review.Handy.  Fits comfortably over the back of the hand or on the wrist.  Could wear it for hours without discomfort.Looks great.  Would even work as a stocking stuffer gift for someone who does a lot of shipping and wrapping and such.Useful.  (Assuming you use a lot of short strips of tape!) Hard to see how you can top this.However, based upon prices (not counting shipping) at the time of this review each tiny strip of tape costs almost a cent.  Seems like a lot.  But that's a decision each buyer is going to make based upon how much they'll be using this and how much refills cost from your supplier.  For example, if I were an office worker and the company pays for tape I'd certainly be using it.  But I'm not going to buy it for myself since I'm cheap!On the other hand, if you do a LOT of wrapping, then the time savings could make up for the expense.
Upon receiving this and following the directions, I tried to load the dispenser and found the small door was VERY hard to open.  Once loaded, it worked fine.  One thing I do like about this is the hand/wrist band, a nice feature, but when I'm using tape for wrapping or other purposes, my regular, desk-size Scotch tape dispenser works better in my opinion, as I'm not limited to a particular pre-cut size.I would have to agree with many reviewers and say that I don't feel this is a necessary product.  When the initial supply of tape strips run out, I can't see myself purchasing expensive tape strip refills when I can buy a few rolls of Scotch tape on sale and use as much (or as little), as I like for less money. I also thought, as I'm sure many others did, that the dispenser was pre-loaded (which would have made this a better value with a refill included), so finding only one tape pad with 75 strips was a disappointment.
The Scotch PopUp Tape Handband Dispenser is a good idea but I think it needs to be perfected. The dispenser itself is nice when wrapping because the tape is secured firmly on your hand, which makes it quick and easy to use.  It also fit on my wrist perfectly and I found it just as easy to use and it was more comfortable than on my hand. I found the tape refill door to be very difficult to open the first couple times. It was so difficult to open that I sliced my hand open on it when it finally released. Another issue that I have with it is the high cost of the refill tape. Here is a link to the refill tapeScotch Pop-Up Tape Strips 90M-12PK. Based on my estimates I believe that the refill tape for this dispenser is several times more expensive than normal scotch tape on a roll. Bottom line is if you want to save money then purchase normal scotch tape, if you want to make gift wrapping quicker easier then this might be worth a shot if you are willing to pay a little more.
Although it arrived too late to be of use in what I suspect is it's primary function (Gift-wrapping), The Scotch PopUp Tape Handband Dispenser is an interesting gadget....I collect comic-books, so the pre-cut strips of tape are the perfect size for taping the plastic storage bags shut. As for gift-wrapping, I'd suspect that, at 75 pieces of tape per refill, you'd go through the whole pack after a handful of presents. (At least, you would if you wrapped presents like a guy....LOTS OF TAPE!!) Aside from the convenience of having the dispenser on the back of your hand for easy access, I'd have to think it'd just be more practical, as well as cheaper, to just use a roll of Scotch Tape.It's interesting, for what it is, but I doubt I'd buy more refills for it, once I ran dry.
I have to admit that my 5 year old got the hang of this tape dispenser faster than I did, but once we figured it out it was useful and out of tape!!  Yes, it runs out of tape pretty quickly, so get plenty of refills.  It fits neatly on your hand so you can dispense tape quickly and efficiently while wrapping or doing projects.  My daughter also likes it because it is easier for her to use than tearing tape off a normal dispenser.  All-in-all it is worth a try, but don't expect it to be economical.
Last year I had invested inScotch Gift Wrap Cutter (14-RC)and found it very helpful when wrapping Christmas presents.  I decided to try this out and it was great at dispensing tape and making quick work of wrapping presents.  I never had to worry about "where's the tape!" and overall, it really sped up my wrapping.  So from that standpoint, it is a great gadget.However, in looking at the cost of the Scotch : Magic Tape, Contour Dispenser Refill, 3/4" x 500", 1" Core, Clear -:- Sold as 2 Packs of - 1 - / - Total of 2 Each -- 8 bucks for refills -- yikes!  It is clear they are using the dispenser as a loss-leader to get you hooked on the refills.  Regular tape dispenser refills are 3 bucks and go a LOT farther.  It is really hard to justify the cost of this thing for the long haul unless you wrap presents for a living!Personally, I spend enough money on gifts and wrapping paper that I don't feel like shelling the extreme amount of money to keep this thing filled up.  It was great this year -- I'll go back to looking for the tape dispenser next year.[NCJVR]
TheScotch PopUp Tape Handband Dispenser, 0.75 x 2 Inches, 75 Strips per Pad, 1 Pad per Pack (Colors May Vary) (96-G)is a convenient dispenser that you hook around your hand for easy accessibility to tape as you tape to your heart's delight.  The tape is pre-cut in lengths of 2 inches.  Refills --Scotch Pop-Up Tape Strips 90M-12PK-- like the one I linked to can be purchased on Amazon or at your favorite office supply store.Though the product works well, I question whether the slight convenience justifies the premium cost.  Also, using these pre-cut strips assume that you will only need that length, a one-size-all approach that did not meet my amateur gift-wrapping needs.  For some people this dispenser may be well worth it.  For me, not so much.  I plan to stick to the traditional rolls of tape and dispensers.
Scotch PopUp Tape Handband Dispenser certainly seems like a good idea. When I wrap a large package, it does come in handy. However, when wrapping anything smaller, this product's pre-cut tape is an annoyance, because it is far too long for what I am actually doing.Yes, I always knew where the tape was, but the problem was I was so often reaching for a different dispenser that this turned out to be a waste of time and money.
This came at just the right time for me.  I needed to wrap several presents so it got a good workout.  It's very easy to use since it's right there on your hand.  Grabbing a piece of tape couldn't be simpler.  I'll probably buy one next Christmas.
If you're familiar with the type of post-it note dispenser that allows a new note to pop up, like a kleenex, each time you remove one, you'll probably be able to quickly visualize how this wrist-mounted tape dispenser works.Unfortunately, the execution is not as nice as the post-it note style dispensers, since post-it notes only have adhesive along one edge, and that adhesive is designed to be reusable (and not that strong).  With tape, the entire strip is adhesive, and much more adhesive than post-it glue.  This makes it hard to remove a piece of tape from the dispenser.  Anticipating this, the instructions tell you to pull quickly, like with a bandaid, to get it over with quickly.  Doing so leaves you with a pre-cut piece of tape, with some of the adhesive scraped off (or with visible scratches on the non-adhesive side), and which doesn't lie as flat and invisibly as would be nice for present wrapping (presumably what you'd need a wrist-mounted one-handed tape dispenser for).Also worth noting - unlike with a box of kleenex or a post-it pad, leaving half a piece of tape hanging in the air for a while will degrade it's adhesive - so the first piece of tape you remove from the dispenser after using it for a while will only be sticky for about half its length.Still - where other designs are available for a one-handed tape dispenser?  None that I know of.  This one does dispense pre-cut tape with one hand, so if you can live with the above-drawbacks, then hey, go for it.  Without actually doing the research, though, I'll bet it's safe to assume the refill price is high enough that you'll pay a steep price for the convenience.
I got one of these tape dispensers just before Christmas, that dispenses pre-cut pieces of tape:Scotch PopUp Tape Handband Dispenser, 0.75 x 2 Inches, 75 Strips per Pad, 1 Pad per Pack (Colors May Vary) (96-G)Yes, the pre-cut pieces of tape were of a use-able and good length, and they came out of the dispenser just fine, and it was kind of fun.  But, strap this to my hand? or arm?  I don't think so!  That part of the design was just not good in my opinion.  I could see this more useful in a desktop dispenser, but I'm sure the idea was for people needing it right there next to their work, maybe for scrap-booking or something.  I don't know that I have ever seen refills for this type of dispenser at a local easy-access discount store, but maybe at an office store or a craft store you could find some.  If someone gives you one of these, have fun with it, and you will find it useful too.  But I don't think I'd go out of my way to buy one of these.
I got this in time for holiday wrapping, and I put it to almost immediate use for wrapping a pile of last minute gifts for family members.  I didn't have any issues with it, but I don't really see an advantage to using it either.I guess I am stuck in my ways - I have been using Scotch gift wrap tape for a while, which has a "unique satin finish that disappears on most gift wrap papers."  This tape is good quality, but I can't really see abandoning my usual gift wrap tape and its standard tape dispenser for this product. I also like to cut my tape at whatever length makes sense for what I am doing versus having predtermined lengths of tape.I'll keep the PopUp Tape Handband dispenser around, but I will likely continue to use the tape from a familiar roll dispenser.  YMMV.
This tape is convenient for gift wrapping. It was useful over the holiday season. I don't know how much extra I would pay for it than regular scotch tape.
I was really looking forward to trying this tape, but it just didn't work very well for me.  First, I had a really hard time opening the door to the dispenser.  I actually ended up removing the whole door and then had to spend about 5 minutes trying to figure out how to get it back on.  I finally got the door back on and the tape in and was ready to try it.  The first time I pulled out a piece of tape, I got two pieces.  I read the instructions and it said to pull it quickly so I did that and it worked once, but the very next time I tried, I got two pieces again.  I used the tape anyway, and I have to say it is nice to be able to use both hands when taping something. Still, I think I will just keep using regular tape.
Great for Christmas wrapping, especially if you always lose your tape. "Where's the tape!" Right there on your wrist.The draw backs are that each tape is only two-inches long and there are only 75 strips. If you use three or four per gift and you got a big family, the tape only lasts an hour or so.Good invention but it needs to be tweaked to dispense more tape and at greater lengths than just two inches.
Let me start by saying the popuo tape dispenser works well and is very convenient. I guess the reason why I only gave it three stars is that I really don't see the need for it. I understand that the conventional tape dispensers often have tape which gets stuck to itself on the role and sometimes that can be a problem. The Scotch dispenser alleviates that problem. However, the pieces of tape for me are too small for wrapping some presents and I found myself overusing a lot of tape to simply seal the package. I ran out of tape much faster, in my opinion anyway, than traditional tape. Just seems like it's an extravagant, expensive product which could be handy for certain individuals (maybe elderly wrappers, or wealthy people who don't mind paying more for the convenience of an already cut tape product). Don't get me wrong, the product does what it is intended to do, it's just not something I will use again.
It's nice and convenient to have tape in precut strips, however it runs out very quickly so if you have a large amount of gifts to wrap, you will be refilling often - that, combined with the amount of time spent fooling with it when one doesn't pop out very quickly negates it's convenience.  For me, I don't think it's worth it and probably won't be buying any refills.
I use gift bags now for almost everything so I have little need for a product like this. I would have loved it years ago.
While it is convenient and easy to use, I just can't justify paying the extra money for it. It is less tape than a regular package and costs more money. It works as intended and the band is comfortable, but the price thing is what turns me away. Nowadays cost effective is more important than convenience.
I requested this through Amazon Vine because I've always been curious about this sort of product and if it really was so great that it was a "must-have."  It worked just as expected.  There are even clever little dots for the tape that is sticking up to stick to, plus the elastic that sits around the hand.  The design is flawless.  But I simply can't get behind the need to spend money on this contraption and the specific refills it requires.  I've been wrapping gifts for years and it just isn't too hard to use a normal tape dispenser to justify the need to purchase something like this.  I was curious if there was some mind-blowing need that would make me say otherwise, but there just wasn't.
This works pretty well once you get the hang of dispensing. The only problem I had was that it didn't last very long. It only made it through 1/4 of my Xmas wrapping. So it was excellent for wrapping and really made it a breeze but I'm too cheap to pay for that slight convenience.
At first I would have given the Scotch popup tape dispenser a 2, now I give it a 4.  I love wearing this like a bracelet leaving your hands free to work with a project, or wrapping a present.  The tape comes out in strips ready to use!  The place where you put in new tape is not easy to open but I think it will be once the door loosens up and that's the reason for the 4 star.  It took several tries to know which way to pull on the tape, you pull the tape to your right from your wrist. I will be using this quite often, it is a great idea, wish I had thought of it.
I'd thought that it would be easier to wrap presents with this, and then as I was wrapping a small gift that soon looked like I wrapped it in duct tape because the strands are so long (2 inches).For larger packages it worked fine (though ti fell apart on me a couple times), but overall, I did not think it was vastly superior to the much more affordable scotch tape that I normally use.
I received this PopUp Dispenser the other day and used it to wrap some of my Christmas presents. It definitely makes the process easier - instead of holding the wrapping paper down with your elbow or some other body part while trying to tear off a piece of tape, you can use this neat gadget for 1 hand dispensing. The dispenser goes around your hand or even further down around the knuckles, and you're ready to go.My gripes: I don't know if I got an old batch of tape strips, but a lot of the strips had something sticky on them, like the rubber stuff on the back of new credit cards. It came off after some rubbing, but still, a hassle. A lot of the tape strips also stuck together and 5-10 of them came out all at once. So I was back to using 2 hands to try to pry them apart. Also, the band that holds the dispenser to your hand was very tight, and I have fairly small hands. After about 15 minutes, the pressure was causing minor pain.Advice: Pull the tape strips straight up and pull them very quickly. This decreases the chance of several coming out at once.
This keyboard tray is heavy and the edges of the metal are a bit sharp.  It is considerably larger than it needs to be, and was more difficult to install than anticipated.  Nevertheless, it does allow a greater range of options of keyboard angles, and frees up desk space.
Anyone looking for a very heavy-duty keyboard tray should consider this one. It's so sturdy that I'd call it overengineered. I think a toddler could swing all his or her weight on this tray and the unit would survive easily. The adjustable platform gives lots of flexibility.
This mouse pad comes with built-in antimicrobial protection to inhibit growth of microorganisms. It also has a built-in wrist pad. It lifts your wrist to a comfortable level reducing wrist strain. I think it depends on your height and the height of your chair and desk as to how well it works. For me, it's a little bit of an awkward angle and actually hurts my wrist a little.It claims to provide a precise mousing surface that extends the battery life by 75% for a wireless mouse. The mouse pad seems to provide an okay mousing surface. It's a slick surface and doesn't provide as good of a surface as the fabric mouse pads but for slick ones, it's pretty good.Overall, I think it's just average.
I did use a similar 3M mouse pad3M Precise Mousing Surface with 3M Gel Wrist Rest Blue Water Design  8.71 in x 9.21 infor about 4 years so I was interested to compare with this newer version. 3M's claim that this surface extends battery life 75% for wireless mice caught my eye. I use a Logitech MX 1100 Rechargeable Cordless Laser Mouse and the prospect of needing to recharge less frequently would be very welcome.Alas my mouse wants to be charged every 13 days like clockwork regardless of what mouse pad I am using. I waited to review this product until I had gone through 4 recharging cycles just to be sure it would or would not make a difference.My Logitech MX 1100 is a heavy mouse and the slick surface on the 3M pad makes maneuvering much easier than on a fabric pad, a big plus for the 3M surface.The edges on this pad are slightly curled, that was not a problem on my previous 3M pad. The base surface on this new pad is a harder material than the older one. The curling is slight enough it is not a problem for me. I did get about 4 years of use out of my first pad before the micro-grooved surface started wearing down and the tracking became less precise.The one thing I really don't like about this pad vs. my previous 3M pad is the vinyl covered wrist rest. It is harder and less cushioned than the fabric covered one on my previous pad and I don't like the feeling of the vinyl on my wrist, after using for awhile it feels unpleasantly moist and sticky. The vinyl also cools down so it feels cold when I first set my wrist on it. My husband is not bothered by it but he usually is wearing a cuffed shirt and my wrist is usually bare.
Always on the look-out for a new mouse pad with a gel wrist rest, I decided to try this out to see if it's any better. Unfortunately, I prefer my3M Mouse Pad with Gel Wrist Rest, Daisy Design (MW308DS)mainly because the wrist rest isn't as hard as this one is and since I have Carpal Tunnel Syndrome, a softer wrist rest really helps. If you don't have wrist or arm problems then this shouldn't be an issue. Also, I really don't like the leatherette feel and don't know how well the material will endure in the long run. This isn't a bad mouse pad by any means, it's antimicrobial, has reasonable space for an average-sized mouse, and it's definitely better than not having a wrist rest at all. The mouse pad is rather humdrum-looking, but it blends with most desks and surroundings if you're more into basic designs. My mouse glides smoothly on the surface and the bottom grips well, but I'm happier with my other pad, so I'll be going back to that. Although, just a note, mine came slightly warped and even after having many heavy books on it for a few days, it still isn't flat. I'm hoping that with time, it'll straighten out, but I have a feeling the warping is here to stay.
In most ways, I like this mousepad/wrist rest. It's comfortable, and the mouse glides across it well, and I love the idea of an antimicrobial surface. I feel confident in being able to clean it as well-- just a little spray cleaner on a paper towel works fine across the surface. But it has one design flaw that's annoying the ever-loving daylights out of me-- the edges of this mousepad curl up on the top and both sides. Doesn't matter how much I try to curl it back or reposition it-- they're determined to curl up just enough to make me stare and want to press them down again until I go batty.Too bad-- were it not for that flaw, this would be my mousepad for a long time. As of now, I see it lasting a week before I can't stand it anymore and go back to my old, not-at-all-antimicrobial one.
I like this mouse pad/writs rest combo, but it has some flaws. The edges curl up slightly so it does not lay quite flat. Maybe after more use it will flatten out. Also, the specs listed above are a bit generous--it is smaller than that. A little to small for me. I'm 6 feet tall and when I rest my wrist on the gel rest, the mouse sensor tends to roll over the top lip of the pad and the cursor won't move until I reposition it. For my 24" iMac screen, the pad area is too small unless I really increase my mouse's sensitivity, which as a graphic designer I don't care to do.Otherwise, it seem all right. The gel wrist rest is comfortable and my mouse tracks very accurately and easily on the pad's textured surface. It is fairly attractive and modern looking, though the design on the pad may be a bit busy for some. That anti-microbial properties are nice, but not a must have for me.All-in-all not a bad pad/wrist rest combo if you are short on desk space, are petite and don't have a large monitor. If that doesn't describe you, perhaps you should look elsewhere.
I don't use a wireless mouse. I work on three screens so I'm all over the place with my mouse. The problem I had is that when I pulled the mouse back I'd run into the wrist rest and couldn't go any farther. So I'd have to lift the mouse, move it forward and then move it back again. Granted, there are bigger problems in the world but nonetheless it got to be tiresome after eight hours on the computer.If your situation is such that it will work for you then it's an excellent item. For sure it allows the mouse glide smoothly.
3M's new line of antimicrobial office comfort supplies are helpful to have around, but don't be misled - the "antimicrobial" feature is not meant to retard the common cold and other germs, as I'd initially thought was the case when I saw "antimicrobial" listed as a feature of this line of products. The coating on 3M's antimicrobial products actually retards the growth and effects of microbes that would cause the products themselves to deteriorate (faster? Slower? At the same rate? Not sure).This particular 3M Antimicrobial mouse pad with gel rest is also supposed to preserve your mouse's battery power. Since I've got a wireless (battery-powered) Logitech mouse that I use on this pad, I was hoping to notice a difference in battery life, but honestly, I think that my mouse is efficient enough that I just have yet to be able to detect a difference while using this particular mouse pad. I won't, however, complain if the feature really and truly DOES work!I read other reviewers' comments about the base of this mouse pad curling, and followed the many suggestions to leave the plastic film adhered to the bottom of the mouse pad to avoid curling corners, but honestly, the corners of my mouse pad came out of the packaging slightly curled, so I'm not quite sure what the proper fix for that issue is.Overall, this IS a good mouse pad. The wrist rest is comfortable, but it's not as thick and deep as the one is that I'd salvaged from an old combination mouse pad/sheet easel that had a gel wrist rest built in. I'm glad I've got this mouse pad and wrist rest combination piece, but I keep debating busting out my old, comfy, thick wrist rest, especially since little things like curling corners bug me, visually.Good product, just not great. If you catch it on sale, it's worth picking up.
This 3M Antimicrobial Mouse Pad with Gel Wrist Rest is stylish with a good sturdy feel.  It does not give the impression that it will wear out quickly at all.  I like the combination of the pad and rest because I like the support that a rest gives my wrist, especially when I know I will spend a long period of time on the computer.  I have been using this for a couple months now and here is what I think:The good:*solid construction*nice textured on the pad*non skid backing that is very secure*good size padThe "bad":*right and left side of the pad curl up slightly, never really lying completely flat even after 2 months*the gel rest is not as soft as I had imagined and had not softened up at all. I would prefer it softer*gray and black kind of boring (which is not a real problem unless you like something flashier)I gave this pad/rest combination a 3 star rating.  It is more of a 3 1/2 star.  I want to give it a 4 because it is a sturdy design and I can tell it will last me a long time.  However, the rest is not quite soft enough and the curling on the edges does bother me slightly.  I do have to say that I always know if I am getting close to the edge though.  If you don't mind those couple problems I would recommend it.
The surface is great, I have an apple magic mouse that is prone to getting confused and skipping around on the screen.This mousepad fixed the issue completely.However, frustration at skipping is now replaced with frustration at reaching the edge of the mousepad.(I don't want to increase tracking speed, I like the way it is, tech should adapt to me, I shouldn't have to adapt to tech.)
I received a Galaxy E comb binding machine for review purposes.The Machine is fairly heavy and about the size of a large inkjet or small copy machine.  It has feet on its back so that it can be stored standing up (with the electric cord removed) to save space when not in use.Basically, it is a glorified paper punch.  As such, I am not particularly impressed.  For the price, I was assuming a little more automation, so I think that offices that bind a large number of reports will want to send their work out to a service bureau unless they have a minimum wage worker to do the binding.  Here's why, in my opinion:  while you punch up to 25 sheets at a time, you manually align the holes with the tabs of the open plastic 'comb'.  For larger documents, you will keep adjusting the comb opening lever to expose more of the comb 'teeth' to stack additional pages.  This is a time consuming operation.  Releasing the comb lever for the final binding is of course a piece of cake.Never having used such a binder before, I had assumed before delivery that the vertical metal teeth that you can see in the photos would be where one stacked the pages and the machine would automatically thread the comb through the whole stack.  It turns out the vertical teeth are only for aligning the teeth of the plastic comb in the opening mechanism.  The paper has to be stacked on the curled open comb teeth,  Not something I'd want to spend my time doing with 100 reports that are 1/2" or more each.A plus of the machine is that the binding mechanism lifts out of a storage tray inside the unit, so that two people can do the work - one punching, the other binding.A big negative is the instructions / user guide.  This is perhaps the worst user guide for any device I have ever encountered.  My favorite step was step 6:  "Insert the plastic comb into the opening mechanism".  There was no illustration for how to insert or exactly how the opening mechanism and binder worked.  Even the video on the Fellowes web site does not show how to do this.  So, it was trial and error until I figured it out.  Similarly, this machine has 'releasable dies' which avoid punching in positions 15, 20 and/or 21.  That is about all the manual says.  It never explains why you would use them.Were the unit much cheaper and had a decent user manual, I would give it a higher rating.  Were it to have a smarter binding mechanism that did not require manually threading pages onto curled comb teeth, I would give it a higher rating at the current price.  So, it's not great, not terrible, but just OK, hence my 3 stars.
These are fairly standard, self-seal, business-sized, white envelopes. The paper has a blue-patterned interior designed to conceal the text on the checks, documents, etc., enclosed in the envelope. The paper is exceptionally weak. Even if it does not tear in several places as the sender lifts the flap that covers the adhesive (and that prevents the envelope from being self-sealed before it's even used), it will tear in several places as the recipient opens the envelope. I failed to see any red letters on opening the envelope, but I don't especially care. One thing I do care about, however, is that the paper is so thin the envelopes crumple at the corners when I run them through my laser printer.
I'm a criminal defense lawyer and I deal with a lot of information that my clients would prefer remain confidential. These envelopes won't necessarily keep someone from illegal or unauthorized snooping, but they will increase your odds of knowing it happened. Security envelopes also have the advantage of reducing your liability if something does get out. These, in particular, are very easy to use as they have their own secure adhesive (no licking) and don't create extra trash from removable strips. They don't seem especially secure but are fine for billing. I would use heavier security envelopes for anything substantive and continue using a security stamp over the flap.
The paper quality of these envelopes is good and I like the security feature.  I know some folks have had issues with it, but for casual use, I don't think it's a problem.  However, I found that the reveal-n-seal part of the envelope was a little cumbersome.  I'm used to using the the peal and stick type of envelope and if I compare the two different styles, I'd have to say I like the peal and stick better.  The price, around $6 doesn't seem too bad but for the money, I would probably go with a Mead product or some other better known brand.
The notable features of these envelopes are that they offer a privacy/security printed screen and have a self sealing flap.  Slightly different from other options that require you to remove a protective piece of paper to reveal the sealing strip, these envelopes have a sealing strip that is folded over.  You simply unfold the strip to reveal the adhesive.  The adhesive provides a strong seal and the privacy option worked well to conceal cash and a check when I tried them.These envelopes were a bit pricy and somewhat flimsy.  I was a bit concerned about tearing the envelopes as a peeled apart the self sticking strip.  But in the end with care, both the privacy and self-sealing options work as described.
...they don't reveal the word "open" in red when unsealed, as the product description states.  The paper quality is rather basic, but as with most "security" envelopes, there is a blue patterned print inside to prevent seeing and reading through.  The tucked-over adhesive flap takes a little getting used to, but it's nice not to have to worry about that waxed paper strip that comes off of most self-adhesive envelopes, and the adhesive itself is fairly strong - it's very hard to reopen the envelope without tearing it apart.  All in all, it's a decent product.
I currently use generic office supply store envelopes andColumbian Inkjet/Laser Printer Envelope, V-Flap, #10, White, 100 per Box (CO138)for running through the printer.  The office supply store ones will get all creased going through the laser printer, so that's why I buy the Columbian brand.I first used these envelopes through my HP Officejet Pro K5400 inkjet printer.  There was no creasing or crinkling and the text was very crisp and sharp.  Through an HP LaserJet 4, the end did get all creased and crinkled.  This would not be a good envelope for laser printers.The inside of the envelope has some security printing so that you cannot see what is in the envelope, which is a nice and effective feature.The main feature of these envelopes is the patented seal.  Instead of licking, or even ripping off a waste strip, you unfold a flap that is covering an adhesive strip.  At that point you fold down the main envelope flap and you are done.I haven't quite figured out how to do this quickly, as it must run your fingers down the flap to unfold it and it will sometimes interfere with folding down the main flap.  Sometimes I would go to seal the right half of the envelope, but the two flaps on the left would get stuck.On some of the envelopes, I had a hard time unfolding the adhesive-covering flap, because the edges were hard to pick up.Overall, they are nice envelopes, but a tear-off adhesive-covering strip is so much faster.
I gave this product 3 stars because I believe it all comes down to affordability. Anyone can easily pick up a box of 40 security envelopes at their local drugstore/supply store for about $1.50. Is it worth 3X the cost not to have to lick the envelopes?
These "Reveal-N-Seal" envelopes are good enough for daily use, but are far from being high quality "security" envelopes. Here are my observations:Pros:+ No Lick; seals well by unfolding flap to expose tack strip+ Tamper Evident; it is hard to open the envelopes without mutilating themCons:- Thin Paper; these are very flimsy- Does Not Obscure Contents; even with the printing inside, it is still possible to read a single sheet on the inside (wrap a sheet of paper around anything important)These will not go to waste as they are usable but I'm not likely to buy this type when we need more.CFH
If you don't want to bother with wetting the glue on regular envelopes then this is a good envelope to us. It has security marks so you can't see through it to the contents. I do feel the glue should be stronger though because the envelope can be opened at the glue point after it has been affixed so it is not perfect. I think I may stick with the regular cheap envelopes that you have to wet the glue, I think they are more secure in not being able to open them easily at the glue point.
Of course, when I received this product, my goal was to get past the security features.  I started with the security printing.  I took a piece of paper and wrote on it with a Sharpie, put it in the envelope, held it up to the light, and there, clear as a bell, was the word "Hi" that I had written on the paper.  I thought maybe using a dark Sharpie was cheating so I placed a single layer of paper with printing on it in the envelope  and held it up to the light again.  Again, I could read everything but at least this time I had to look close.  The third try was with two pieces of paper.  At this point, there wasn't enough light coming through the envelope to be able to read what was on the paper.  So, if you're going to have multiple pages, the security works, otherwise you can read right through the envelope.Second test was the seal.  There is no tape to peel off and I actually like that a lot because those peel things tend to get all over the place even when I swear I have put them in the trash can.  You just flip up a little flap and seal the envelope.  The security on the flap is essentially little 3/16 inch places that are cut and only held together by a tiny bit of envelope so they will tear when trying to open it.  On the first one, I sealed it and immediately tried to open it.  I was able to, fairly easily, open it back up without tearing the envelope flap.  On the second one, I sealed it and waited about an hour figuring maybe the glue needed time to set.  This time, I did tear the flap opening it.  So, seeing as most of us aren't sealing and immediately re-opening, I'd say this safety feature works.I saw a lot of complaints about thickness and, yes, the envelopes are a bit thin, but I wouldn't say they are worse than any other low priced envelopes I have used.
As advertised they are legal size. I did not have a problem with being able to see through the blue security tinting. Even with holding the envelope to a bright light I could not read what I had put inside the envelope. The self adhering is a nice feature, just life the folded area up and it reveals the adhesive to seal the envelope so there isn't anything to throw in the garbage. The adhesive does seal well when new so you don't have to use tape to further secure the envelope. I don't know how well the adhesive will last over time if the envelopes aren't used in the near future. I did not see any red letters that would indicate an envelope had been tampered with. If there are cheaper envelopes with these same features then I would buy them instead. These envelopes are good enough for what I want but if there was a cheaper alternative I would get those instead.
Solid envelopes with secure imprinting so nothing shows through once inside.  I prefer this style of seal to other pre-glued envelopes I've used in the past as there is no waste with no strip to remove.  I couldn't figure out the tamper evident thing that was advertised. I didn't notice a significant tint change from a sealed to unsealed envelope and you could reseal the envelope once it was opened anyway, so I don't really get that security feature.
When I received the envelopes, I enlisted my children (15 and 9) to help me test them. First, we sealed three envelopes. It was a little trickier to do then with regular envelopes with a strip, so I wouldn't be happy if I needed to seal all 40 envelopes at one time.Then we tried to open it without tearing the little notches so the envelope could be resealed as if it was never open. I tore all four notches on my envelope, my oldest did tore one notch, and the other one didn't tear any notches. Unfortunately, they did make couple of wrinkles on the flaps while opening them. Then we resealed all the envelopes and examined them. Mine was screaming "I had been opened!", but the other two looked better, not pristine, but almost ok. I think, that if someone really needed to open the envelope without you knowing it, then that person might have succeeded.Permanent marker does indeed bleed right through the envelope. The box is made of thin cardboard, and it was smashed and torn on arrival.
These are made of high quality paper and are the self-adhesive type similar to peel and seal envelopes. The difference is there is no 'sticker backing' to peel and throw away. A small flap in the sealing area is opened and it 'reveals' the glue area. Then you seal the envelope by closing. The glue seems to be of good quality. However, the glue line does not align with the end of the sealing flap. So the envelope does not seal 'flat'. I ended up using a tape over the flap.
The Reveal-N-Seal business envelopes are handy.  It is a nice feature not having to lick the envelope to seal it.  The removable tape to active the seal works well.  While not nearly as strong a seal as the 3M padded envelopes, the Reveal-N-Seal envelope is great for sending letters or simple mailings.  Some envelopes may require a bit of tape to fully secure the seal, but nothing that an ordinary envelope wouldn't sometimes need, without the hassle of a wet seal.
These envelopes are designed to give a little extra security when you mail important, private, or valuable items. The blue lined envelopes make it slightly harder to decipher the contents of an envelope than standard white ones. If all that you put in them is a plain check, the blue lining is not very difficult to see through. But it certainly does make it harder if you include an extra piece of paper. The added security is not flawless, nor is it very impressive. But it is better than nothing.The seal does include a perforated lining which shows if the envelope has been tampered with or atempted to be opened. This seems effective.I'm keeping these envelopes for sending of bills and medical information.
These are good basic envelopes.  The self seal design is good for one at a time usage. (a bit clumsy and not conducive to fast office work on a bulk mailing)  The weight is a little bit lighter than I expected, I was expecting a bit heavier duty paper.The original description did imply some sort of cool "anti-spy" technology (this is not mentioned on the product page) which doesn't exist.  They do seem to be tamper resistant (good enough for basic day to day usage).
The envelopes are well-suited for everyday residential or small business use.I found these to be of average paper weight, and they possess average security features.  The envelopes are self-stick by way of a flap that covers the adhesive strip until it is ready for usage.  I did have some issues with the flap being stuck to the adhesive strip.As for security, the printing inside does obscure the contents of the envelope.  My issue was with the self-sticking closure part.  In one case, I was able to slowly and methodically re-open a sealed envelope, remove the contents, and reseal the envelope with minimal evidence of tampering.  In other cases, trying to get the self-sticking closure part to close resulted in disaster.The envelopes themselves seem a bit flimsy, but they do seem to hold up well enough.  Overall, nothing special about them.  I do prefer normal self-stick envelopes to these.
The flaw in most self-sealing envelopes is that there is a backing to pull off.  This envelope is designed with a flap which unfolds, exposing an adhesive service which may then be sealed.  Unfortunately, because the fold remains, it is more likely to re-seal to itself than to stay flat so that the envelope may be closed neatly.As promised, the blue lining does create privacy, but like other reviewers, I don't see the red "reveal" when the envelope is reopened.I'll go back to traditional envelopes which require moistening.
After a few tries, I was able to get the envelope open without tearing the notches.  It took a little patience but to advertise an envelope as tamper evident when it isn't, it's not worth the cost.  If you really need tamper evident envelopes then spend the money to get proper ones.  The glue on these is not strong enough to prevent reopening.  To me these are regular envelopes with some fancy notches on the end.
These things get sent out for review sometimes, and I am left wondering why something as simple as a privacy envelope needs reviewing. It does drive me to test the product more closely, looking for a fault or bonus that would justify the manufacturer's request for the item to be included in the Vine program.In the end, though, this is an envelope. Yes, it does a decent job of protecting what's inside from prying eyes. Is it the Fort Knox (hard to get into) of envelopes? No. But it's not a flimsy, cheap envelope, either. If you're still putting checks in the mail or constantly mailing sensitive material, the cost of these envelopes would be worth it to you (just under 15 cents apiece). Otherwise, I suggest you just keep stealing envelopes from the office. ~_^
Usually, when I use self-sealing envelopes, I have to tape the edges to keep them from coming unsealed during mailing.  Not so with the Reveal-N-Seal.  The glue goes all the way to the edge of the envelope, and it stays secure until it gets to its recipient.I also like that you can't see through these envelopes to see the contents.  The markings on the inside effectively hide anything I put in it.However, I had to take two stars off my rating, because these envelopes hang up in my HP Photosmart ink jet printer.  When it does go through the printer without hanging, the ink is still smeared.  I have never had this problem with my printer before.  This won't be a problem if you address all your envelopes by hand, but I prefer to use my printer for addressing my mail.
I deliberately tampered with a few of these to see how well they worked.  Apparently, the tamper-evidence of Red Letters was a Vine mistake, as I keep reading the product description and don't see it any more.  If you're looking for the tamper-evident envelopes, that's a different product, so read the description CAREFULLY.Since I have to review them anyway, I kept playing with them.  :-)The adhesive is under a flap of paper, rather than a peel-away strip.  The nice thing about that is that there is nothing to throw away.  The bad part about that is that the adhesive strip is narrow.  I closed an envelope and tried to re-open after I firmly pressed down a few times, and it was relatively easy to open without tearing.  Upside: If you forget to put something in there, it looks like you might be able to get it in if you realize it right away.  I left a few envelopes sealed for a day and then tried to open them, and I did have to rip the paper flap, then.When I put the envelope under a bright light (reptile light, ha ha!), a utility bill can be read...  Even though the bill is folded in thirds, if someone were persistent enough, they could gather my address from it, if nothing else.  I uploaded pictures, though didn't zoom in for obvious reasons.  :-)  If a check is in the envelope alone, you can even see my Lord of the Rings check design with the help of bright light.  I wrapped a check in regular printer paper and tried again...  You can still see my check.  I tried a receipt...  You can see that, too.  If I were to use these to mail client receipts, they could see my clients information, as well.  No good.If you're sending personal things, these are great.  They are sturdy (the paper is a nice heavy weight), don't rip easily, and when I moistened one with steam, it didn't just fall apart.  I like that there is no strip to throw away because I would most likely ball it up and find it in my pocket later on.  I wish I had more good things to say, but for a "security envelope" it just doesn't seem to hold up.
It's a white security envelope with a seal - no licking required - what can more you really say about it? The blue security print is fine, the seal strip is a bit thinner than most competetors, but it had a solid grip on the flap. I sealed an envelope up and then broke the seal to see the promoted red "opened" mark so I would know it was tampered with, but there was no such marking -- which was the concept that sperated this one from others.  It will do the job just fine, otherwise.
I really didn't see that much difference in these envelopes versus the peel and seal envelopes.Both have the blue inside, but instead of having to pull the strip off where you seal the envelope, this kind of envelope you just raise that part, and then put the flap over that, make sure it's closed and that's it.The weight of the envelope isn't any heavier than regular envelopes.I do like that you don't have to lick the envelopes closed, but you don't have to do that with the peel and seal envelopes either, much in the same way you don't need to lick stamps anymore to adhere them.I did notice that this kind of envelope it is alittle harder to open, so I guess maybe that is a good thing?I always put a piece of scotch tape over the flap of the envelope, to make it harder for would be thieves to get into the envelope, but I also add sealing labels, so I do that to protect them too, as well as my mailing label, in case the envelope gets wet.I have had mail theft more than once.  Money taken out of an envelope that was meant as a gift to me, which I never received.  Have documented that with my postmaster general.This isn't a bad envelope, just ok, at least to me.  I would like to see an envelope that is alittle heavier than this, in the same size.  I have always liked the blue lining, which this envelope also has, so that it's harder to identify the contents of the envelope.
The plus points: The quality of these envelopes is very high. The blue liner does a great job of obscuring the contents.  Another reviewer stated that you can still tell if a check is inside the envelope, but when I put one in and held it up to direct sunlight, the contents remained hidden.  The flap is also very easy to use - you just fold up the bottom one to reveal the adhesive, then press down on the top flap to seal it into a very strong bond.  Indeed, once it is sealed, it is obvious if anyone tries to tamper with it.Medium point: the Vine description says if anyone tries to tamper with these envelopes that the special flap reveals the word "opened" if anyone tries to unseal it.  I used one of the 40 in the box as a test sample but did not see this feature when I tried opening it.The not-so-plus points: There are other ways to determine if your envelope is the victim of tampering, mainly, just looking at it. I know sometimes the post office may accidentally slit open part of the envelope, but then how would you know if this was deliberate tampering or an accident, and what would you do about it anyway?  If this was a recurring issue, you'd have the postmaster investigate but in any case, I don't see what would be enhanced about the whole thing if you used this envelope versus, say, putting tape over the flap and then writing your initials over the tape and envelope. In other words, using these envelopes really doesn't give you any added security since if someone is going to tamper with your mail, they are going to do it anyway.That said, if you want high-quality, easy-to-use security envelopes, this would be an excellent choice. Five stars for the quality but minus two from that for the usefulness.
Because of the cyber era, most people don't find a need to mail many things nowadays.  It's a rare occasion when you need an envelope, but ones that don't require licking, or pulling sound good to me.  I like that the envelope is very simple to use, but worry that the glue may not be as heavy as it is needed to make sure what is being mailed off safely reaches its destination.  They are still a little transparent for my liking, but they are still better than most, especially when you're mailing bulk items.
Basically what you get is a self sealing envelope with little slits on the flap so if you try to open it in a way that allows you to re-seal it, the envelope tears and you know someone tried to open it.That part works, its pretty hard to open it without having one of those perforations rip, so thats good.Whats bad is that the glue isn't that secure.  So if a person was careful enough he could open the envelope with only slightly more difficulty than a regular envelope.So the features make the envelope better than an average envelope, but not by much.  I see very few documents needing more security than a normal envelope, but less security than something far more tamper-proof.So why does the product exist?  Who needs it?  I don't know.  They work good, but who are they for?
These envelopes didn't really impress me.First of all, they come in a box that was lightweight cardboard and that I had to tear to get open.  I had my wife look at the box, and like me, she could find no way to easily open and close the box.  If this sounds picky, perhaps I should say that a box of business envelopes might well last us six months or more.  During that time, we need to sturdy, non-torn box to keep them in.The envelopes themselves are very lightweight.  Now granted, the privacy feature worked well and even using a large reverse color print, I could not see through the paper.  It just seems flimsy and light weight.As you are beginning to see, I like heavy weight paper in business products.The sealing system works well.  To seal you fold up a flap on the envelope that stays attached to the envelope and then just close the flap and press.  Other "no moisture" envelopes i have used have a strip you remove to seal the envelope- and thus you generate trash that you have to deal with.  This system is, therefore less messy.  I did not find it cumbersome- although I thought that it might be.I tried to pry open a seal envelope and could not do so without tearing the envelope up.All in all if you don't mind a flimsy box and lightweight design, these are not bad envelopes.  We will use them up- but we won't buy any more.
Yeah, so I didn't really 'get' how these were secured - you raised the lower flap & used the adhesive that revealed to seal the envelope...then, if someone opened that on the sides, it was supposed to show this...um, I didn't see any secure features that are supposed to make this tamper-proof...it's supposed to say 'opened' in red if anyone tampers with it - I saw no evidence of this at all.  I'm confused - maybe the description is wrong?  The box just says 'Reveal-N-Seal Business Envelopes' and basically looks to be regular envelopes with a long-lasing adhesive, not tamper-proof, tamper-revealing envelopes.  They appear to be find normal envelopes that blocks light for things like checks, but the mentioned extra security features were not here - would not really recommend - there are better normal secure envelopes and better extra security envelopes out there.  I would not 'buy' these again.
These envelopes are more translucent than the regular business envelopes I use...so some bolder numbers or writing may be discernible with back-lighting. The sealing system should show most attempts at tampering...but the adhesive itself seems inadequate in the humid local environment. They just aren't that "handy" to use as compared to the "peel and seal" types. If I'm really concerned about the security of something I'm mailing I will buy something secure at the post office and mail it with special tracking. Just 3 stars.
Like other reviewers, I don't understand how this can be considered any more secure than other envelopes.It's true you don't have to worry about any sticky paper strips covering the adhesive.  Instead, there's a small flap covering the adhesive which you lift to seal the envelope.  This is actually cumbersome because you have to hold down the lower flap in order to get a tight seal.There are small cuts in the envelope flap so if someone tries to open your envelope, the flap will tear.The patterned interior is supposed to discourage any viewing of contents, but when put up to a light, it's fairly easy to see if you have 1 check inside.  The envelope is on the thin side, but I usually send a stub along with my check so it's harder to see through.All in all, I'll use these envelopes for everyday use, but it seems my Mead brand envelopes are sturdier and more secure for items requiring special attention.
Envelopes are of a fairly good quality. They have a security pattern on the inside to prevent someone seeing through the envelope and I like the fact that you don't have to lick them and taste glue.I've always preferred the self-sealing kind, but these are a little are a little awkward to work with as you have to pull a slender strip of the fold-out adhesive that's thinner than it needs to be to seal the envelope.So, being a self-seal type is good, but not as easy to work with as those you pull the strip off of. A good product, but I still prefer the type where you remove a strip to expose the adhesive.
I was expecting something new and innovative. These are basically nothing more than security envelopes. Yes, they self seal, but as far as being able to tell if they are opened, not that great of a product.
If the shipping charge is included in the equation, I can get several hundred Mead security business envelopes at BJ's for less than the price of 40 Reveal-N-Seal business envelopes. Then which is the better deal?The Mead envelopes are made of heavier stock, but the Home Office envelopes seem to be a brighter white. Both have an adequate opaqueness for the security-minded.Probably the major difference is that the Mead envelopes have the tear off strip to uncover the adhesive, whereas the adhesive covering on the Home Office envelopes folds up and stays attached to the envelope.I actually prefer the tear off strip of the Mead envelopes and find them easier to seal. One who does multiple mailings, however, may prefer to avoid the responsibility of getting all those envelope strips into the trash can.After sealing one of each envelope brand, I attempted to surreptitiously open both. The envelope flap of the Home Office envelope tore noticeably and couldn't be opened neatly.I was able to open the sealed Mead envelope without tearing the flap, though there were some obvious tamper wrinkles.If security and deterrence of snooping are paramount concerns, then the extra price for the Home Office envelopes might be worthwhile.  At my workplace, for example, where paychecks are put in sealed envelopes before being placed in employee cubbies, tamper proof envelopes might be welcome.For one who only uses envelopes occasionally for casual correspondence, the ease of Mead envelopes might be preferable to the tamper proof feature of the Reveal-N-Seal
My first impression after opening the box and removing the envelopes was that the envelopes themselves seemed a bit "flimsy" and lacked any "weight", as compared to other security envelopes on the market.  True enough, when I used a Sharpie marker to mark the outside of the envelope, it bled through the paper and left marks on the paper inside the envelope.  So beware, if you are using a marker to address or mark the envelope, make sure you do it before you put the items inside.The issue of actually sealing the envelope was also not as I had hoped it would be.  Instead of having a peel off strip that is used to reveal the sticky part of the seal, the sticky part on these envelopes is hidden under a flap on the back of the envelope, and you must actually peel the envelope upwards in order to seal it.  I  understand that it saves the waste of a peel off envelope strip, but it is a little tricky to peel the paper part of the envelope up in order to seal it.If you are looking for a "no waste" envelope, these will work fine, but if you are looking for a sturdier mailer, and you want one that offers a security feature with a self stick adhesive, I would recommend the Office Depot brand, or the "Mead Press It and Seal" line.  These are the two brands I use, and I will continue to use them instead of these.
In my mind the envelop should protect the content, not open accidently, and ideally keep the content secret.The envelope is sturdy, but also not too bulky so the shipping weight will not go up too much, however I would not necessarily count on the 'protection' features.The closing flap does seem to do the trick in sealing the envelope, but that is the minimum expectation. Yes, with some patients, it is possible to re-open and close the envelope.As some other reviews pointed out, these envelopes do allow a determined person to read the content if the content is a single page (e.g. check) by holding it up to a lamp.All that said, I would expect that if you really want to ensure there is no tampering, or anyone reading the content of your mail, I would use the style of envelopes UPS, Fedex or USPS uses. These envelopes are an interesting concept, but I would not solely count on them to protect my mail.
I suppose the idea with these was to eliminate the peel strip that exists on many self-stick envelopes, but my first impression upon removing them from the box was how light weight and thin they are.They are designed with an inside edge that one has to "unfold" to reveal a sticky strip upon which the normal envelope top will fold down and seal onto. The idea is clever and in the age of "no waste" should appeal to many people. I probably would not buy anothe box just because I worry about the postal machines tearing thin letters. If your needs are interoffice, such as payroll checks and similar correspondence, these would work just fine.
I was excited to try these envelopes out.  I have been using peel and seal envelopes for a few years now and have tried several different types.  Unfortunately this doesn't seem to be the best out there and the price isn't low enough to overlook its flaws.The adhesive strip is very VERY narrow.  While it may be strong it certainly doesn't give me the confidence in it as some of its competitors that have an inch or so strip of adhesive.The flap that you pull up to expose the adhesive is also very narrow.  I keep finding that when I fold it up and run my finger over it to keep it up I end up running my finger against the already questionable adhesive.The security tint is sufficient.  The paper stock is good.  It is a decent envelope. I just prefer the types with a removable strip to expose the adhesive, or one that has a much wider flap and adhesive.
This are nice envelopes that come with their own adhesive so you don't have to lick them. That said, this may not represent a great value since you can likely get similar equivalent ones cheaper. And, I didn't notice these being any more secure than other envelopes or anything.
These are your typical lined 3x5 index cards that are good for writing notes for speeches, taking notes in class, using them for flashcards, etc. However, these are thinner than cardstock and than typical index cards. They are also immensely overpriced. one pack contains 100 cards, and amazon currently prices them at $4.20. at my local Staples, I can buy as set of the most expensive Staples-brand cards for $1.99, and they are usually on sale for 50 cents to 99 cents.I was unable to see or feel anything about these cards that would warrant such a huge price differential -- buy the Staples or OfficeDepot brand for your needs.Better yet, if you are in a pinch, take a 8x11 sheet of paper, fold it in half, then fold it in half again. Now, fold it in half one more time. You should now unfold it -- you'll have eight squares. Rip the piece of paper into 8 squares -- there you have your flashcards or your notecards. No need to shell out extra money. You are welcome!
There is a certain expectation when you open a package of index cards. They will be a certain weight and thickness that sets them apart from other paper.These don't meet that expectation.Meads new index cards are thicker than paper, but nowhere near what you expect an index card to be. I would say these come closer to construction paper strength, even thinner than a typical piece of card stock.Ultimately, these are okay. There are some advantages, such as less bulk for research. But, they're also less sturdy.
So the big problem is that you are paying shipping costs.  These should cost no more than 99 cents, but if you buy them online you really feel the pain in cost.  You are way better off going to the store to pick these up.  I'd feel better if they made this an add-on item and then only charged me $1.50 (making the shipping free based on other products I buy).  But that said, this is a review for the product, not the price.These cards are distinctly average in quality.  My only complaint is that they are thinner than I remember them growing up.  Do they do the job? YES.  Are they index cards? YES.  Would I buy these over THICKER cards? NO.  I'd buy the thicker ones if I could.Not recommended if you can buy index cards in person.  But, if you must buy them online, then these are just ok.
These are decent index cards.  On the plus side, the red top line and other blue lines are consistent across the pack of 100.  There aren't any printed lighter or missing parts of lines, etc.On the down side, the stock is somewhat thinner than on other cards I have recently purchased, including whatever &#34;store brand&#34; local department stores carry.So, they are decent, and useable, but the thinness tells me they won't hold up as well for repeated use.  The price is a bit high for a pack of index card.
These are just average index cards.  Somewhat thin and flimsy, and probably not suitable for anything that you want to last a long time, or that will get handled a lot. The lines on the front seem to have a college-rule spacing; the back is blank.I give these a "meh" and a shrug of the shoulders.
These are standard run of the mill index cards. A bit on the flimsy side as far as the paper stock. They are nice to write on but due to the thin stock I don't think these would be the best for things like recipes where you want to handle them repeatedly over years. Better for short term projects.
These index cards are pretty pricey. To be honest, it's been a while since I've bought index cards but these are thinner than most of the other index cards that I have purchased. My other cards are much thicker and better. The lines on it are fine. Even though they are thinner, they still work perfectly fine as index cards.
There's not too much one can say about Index Cards. These Mead cards have the usual red line at the top with blue lines beneath. The card stock itself is lighter weight.  They would be okay for all those school projects that require kids make 'research' cards.  They would be less suitable for Flash Cards where you would want something heavier. Prices --online and in stores-- vary tremendously so shop around.
Wow, I didn't know there are differences in index cards.  I was surprised these are so thin and not as heavy weight as the ones I usually use.I write on both sides on the cards.  With these cards, when I write on the first side, I can see and feel the imprint of my writing on the second side.  This distorts whatever I write on the second side and makes the writing on both sides harder to read.These are ok, but I'm not going to use these for what I usually use index cards for.  For me, they are just a bit too thin.
I am comparing these cards against the Oxford brand of cards, and what is the verdict...They are just a flimsy feeling, with other words thin, the Mead cost +2 times as much. Both do allow you to write on both sides, however, only the front is lined. The Oxford has one line more available by using a thinner header, and the lines are slightly less pronounced (lighter in color) then the Mead.I suppose you can argue that the Mead card is superior because it has better coloring, but I doubt that justifies the current 2x price difference.Now price is not everything, since on Amazon that can change daily, so I am still giving them a 3 star as they do the job like any other 3x5 inch ruled card.
Here are the Pros/ConsPros:-The lines on the ruled side of the index cards are dark enough to be seen easily.-You can have these delivered to your home without having to set foot in a store.Cons:-These are index cards on a diet.  They are thinner than I'd like.-Currently at $3.25 for a 1 pack, they are waaay overpriced!Overall, they will get the job done, but at the current price, just head to the store and get a pack for 75 cents.
For years I have been using a Fiskars Rotary Trimmer to trim up my home printed photos and other various papers.  A few months ago one of my daughters friends snapped it in half.  Having the opportunity to try this item, I jumped on it.  All in all, I'm not a happy camper and dearly miss my old faithful Fiskars.  While this item is lightweight and it certainly does give the paper a nice clean cut, the locking mechanism is what I miss the most, being able to snap my page in place, then cut.  Trying to hold the photo in place while cutting and not smudge it is not an easy task.
This paper trimmer is light and easy to carry around with a handle. The instructions it came with was pretty useless and just had to figure things out for myself. The handle of the trimming part had to be screwed on. I had a bit of difficulty getting it screwed back on and had to have my husband do it for me. It basically had to be matched up really well in order for the screw to get screwed back in.Using the paper trimmer, it works great on a few pieces of paper. Once I started putting ten pieces of paper, it was a little bit more difficult to push down on it so do not try using this for any more than 10 pages. This is good for a simple user who only trims paper once in a while but for any professionals or someone who relies on a paper trimmer, this would not do the job.One other thing, while the top seemed sturdy enough, the way it is hollow on the bottom feels very cheap. I looked at the bottom and it looked like it could be broken easily.This paper trimmer does what a trimmer does. It was just a bit hard for me to put together and does a decent job trimming paper.
The X-ACTO 12-Inch Trimmer is an ok product. However, it doesn't cut as exact as the brand name would imply. Depending on the amount or thickness of the paper I'm cutting, the cut isn't as clean as other guillotine trimmers I've used. It does a good job on lesser weight paper though. That's not really practical for me because I work with a wide variety of paper weights.I do like the fact that the trimmer is light and very portable. I like the X-ACTO brand and I own another style trimmer from this company but I'm just not a fan of this particular model.
There's nothing fancy about this document holder, but it gets the job done. I've got it mounted to my wall now, holding a printed calendar that I plan to swap out each month. It seems secure, though always with these products I don't think the adhesives will hold forever.
What you get:  A sheet protector, not unlike theAvery Top-Loading Diamond Clear Poly Sheet Protectors, 100 Count (74100)) but made out of rigid plastic, without the holes, and costing almost 100 times more.  They also throw in two sets of MMM17201 - Interlocking Fasteners,w/Command Adhesive,3/4x2,3/PK,WE.On the plus side is that it's nice looking, at least when you start using it.Here's a few problems with this thing.  First, it's a bit difficult to slide even a single sheet of 20 lb (standard copier) paper in. It's easy to put small creases in the paper as you are sliding it in.  Also, with repeated use I can see the lower part of the holder getting filled with dust and dirt.  There's no easy way to clean it.  Finally, if you want to hand it someplace else you will need to buy a couple more Command fasteners.  However, the fasteners do allow you to take the pocket from the wall and remount it in the same place as many times as you like.Are you better off with a 10 cent sheet protector and a piece of scotch tape?  That, I guess, is the question.
I picked this plastic display pocket up for one of my daughters award certificates. (As luck would have it, the award is a bit longer than the standard 11 inches and so, had to be cut to fit the pocket. Take a cue from me - measure the item you intend to display to make sure it fits the case.)The pocket itself is made of a sturdy clear plastic. One end is completely open for documents or pictures to be inserted. That side of the pocket remains open when the item is displayed. It is relatively easy to hang the display pocket on a wall. You simply clean the area you intend to attach the fasteners to with isopropyl alcohol, let dry, place fastener on area and hold there for 30 seconds. Then let set for an hour. Place fastener on plastic sheath and line up with faster on wall, push firmly together and hold for a minute or so. Voila! You are done. The instructions state that the fastener will come off the wall leaving it unmarked. I have not done this yet, but when I do I will update if this is in fact not the case.One side note, I initially intended to give this product 4 stars but I took a star off because I think it is a bit pricey for what you get. I would really expect to pay no more than a couple of bucks for an item of this sort.
I was curious as to what photo, important document or certificate you could place into this display pocket without having it fade, stick, discolor or deteriorate more rapidly than normal.  So, I called Scotch customer service and asked if this product was archival-safe and acid-free.  The representative informed me that it is not, so you might want to use this for non-important documents, certificates, pictures, lists, etc.Though it appears well-made and durable, I have also found it a little difficult to put a single piece of heavy-gauge paper into the pocket, as several other reviewers have noted.For a simple, plastic "display pocket" and the Scotch brand "Command" adhesive and fasteners (where the cost comes in), I would rather purchase a regular document frame on sale with non-glare glass, especially to display an important document or certificate.  However, I DO like the clean styling of this product, and if it were archival-safe and acid-free (and perhaps included TWO pockets and fasteners instead of ONE for the current retail price), I would definitely feel comfortable using them for any documents or pictures.It should be noted that Scotch recommends that you cut out and save the package instructions to remove the "Command Adhesive" from a wall should you wish to do so in the future.
This plastic pocket is designed to attach to walls and cubicles. Although it has no mounting holes, it does come with an interesting type of connector, called Command Interconnecting Fasteners, which act like a cross between hook-and-loop, and sticky gum style items. One attaches the two-part fasteners by regular sticky backing, and then press the "finger" side of the fasteners together to hold the pocket. Interestingly enough, the plastic "finger" side of the devices is released from the mounting surface by pulling on a tab to stretch the device, much like some sticky-gum type fasteners.The pocket itself is not hard plastic, but is thicker and stiffer than most of the really cheap items in this category. The plastic seems of reasonable quality, and should out-last most of the cheaper products in this arena. It is open on one side only, and sealed on the other three, which should hold items securely (unless you mount it with the open side down, of course).The pocket is designed to hold regular letter-sized items (8.5 x11 inches), although smaller items should also fit easily.The fasteners seem a bit weak to me, and I would not recommend putting anything very heavy in the pocket. For light paperwork or impromptu signage, it should work fine.
This Scotch Plastic Display Pocket is not exactly pretty.  I personally would not use this as a piece to show important documents or awards.  I found that this item is better suited for keeping items safe and dry until the item is ready to be put in a more permanent location.
This is a hard sleeve to show papers or pictures without them getting ruined.  I would give it a 45  star rating for using in cubicles.  It is a nice product, and you can velcro it directly to your cubicle.  Other than that I would not use it.  If you want to mount it on your fridge you use a special sticky tape they give.  I don't want to put something sticky on my fridge, my wall, or anywhere else.  I give it a three star recommendation for the fact that it is a nice product, but very limited in use.
With the Scotch Display pocket, 3M continues its practice of charging high prices for cheaplymanufactured plastic items. List price is $7.49 for one glorified sheet protector with faux Velcrofasteners...gimme a break. That said, the Display Pocket is probably useful for office workers whowish to display documents in their cubicles, as it hardly weighs anything compared to a real frame.Displaying kids' drawings on refrigerators might be another possible use. The Pocket is muchthicker than a normal sheet protector, so documents should remain reasonably safe inside of it.The Display Pocket functions as it should- it would be inexcusable if it didn't. However, thePocket is, in this reviewer's opinion, absurdly overpriced for what it is. Also, it's unclearwhether or not PC-printed documents or photocopies can stay in for long periods without inksticking to the material...time will tell, I suppose.It must be mentioned that my Display Pocket was covered with some sort of industrial dust. Ifthis stuff gets inside of the Pocket, as it did with mine, getting it out will be a tall task, asthe stiffness of the plastic material prevents the Pocket from being opened very widely. Somecanned air would probably get rid of this dust, but I didn't have any...rather annoying.
As other reviewers have already stated, I agree with the fasteners and versatility of this product. I just have to add that I think it's rather expensive. If it were 2 to a package, it would be well worth it, but personally, it seems a bit overpriced unless you snag a sale.
The pocket is clear, useful for displaying a single 8 1/2 x 11 in sheet of paper.  It's not very attractive, more utilitarian and functional.  The included velcro Command wall hanger is very useful, making it a snap to take off the wall and swap out the picture.  If you need a quick way to hang a picture, you could do worse than this product.However, I can go to a local superstore and get a genuinely attractive photo frame for about the same price.  If I need quick and dirty, this is the tool.
I was really hoping for a good product out of this, and I would have to say I am disappointed. My child brings home awards from school pretty regularly, and we like to display the newest ones. It's too expensive to buy frames for them all so I thought I would give this a try to see if it would be a good alternative to use. My quick answer to that is it is not. It's very difficult to get the piece of paper in the display pocket. I had to have my child slide their much smaller hand down inside the pocket to the the document all the way into the pocket. It looks like it's in a plastic pocket when it's in there, there's no design to the border of the pocket or anything. It does protect the document well once it is inside and it does look ok hanging up in a childs room, but there is no way I would hang this up in the family room. I would rather spend the money on a couple of good frames and just interchange the awards out of them instead. I would not recommend this product because of the difficulty putting a document into the sleeve and it looks not so great anyplace but a kids room.
I needed a magnetic dry-erase board to put on my refrigerator. I love the 8.5 x 11 inch size. I pulled off the paper on the front of the board and found the adhesive would not clean off. I have tried several different cleaners. I am unable to write anything on the middle of the board and it has a black smear from the adhesive. Unfortunately, I am going to have to go out and buy a different one to replace it..
Quartet Magnetic Dry-Erase BoardThis is pretty much a basic dry-erase board that has 4 magnetic pads. Unfortunately, the included magnets are extremely weak to the point the board slides down a metal surface. I fixed this by sticking my own magnetic sheets (ones that you can use to make stickers, so they are not special uber-strong neodymium magnets). The clip for the dry erase marker adheres to the back of the board, while the marker cap itself has another weak magnet that refuses to stay put on the board, so you are forced to use the weak clip. Other than these issues, the board itself is fine.I use two of these 8.5x11 boards at the office to jot down tasks for my projects and they come in handy due to their smaller size. I don&#8217;t have a big enough office for a larger whiteboard.Overall: 3/5 stars, modifications required! Needs stronger magnets for the board, stronger magnet for the marker cap, and stronger adhesive for the marker clip.
This 8.5 x 11 dry-erase board is an average product.  It works well enough to write down notes or a to-do list.  The main issue is that it is difficult to completely remove the residue from what you have written.  I'm not sure if this is due to the quality of the board or the quality of the included marker (perhaps both).In terms of mounting the board - unfortunately, the included magnets are too weak to guarantee its support, so you risk the board falling off whatever surface you've placed it on.  Mounting with the adhesives is the only good option, and some will not want to do that (in which case you should look elsewhere).If you are in the market for a dry-erase board, as someone who is familiar with them let me suggest that you go a bit larger if you can - 8.5 x 11 is exactly the size of a standard piece of paper, so you won't be able to fit that much on it.  I find myself wishing I had more room.  Quartet does offer larger boards for sale for anyone interested.
This is a nice dry erase board. Not much needs to be said there. Just write, wipe and write again. The pen is smooth and writes well. However, this comes with 4 magnetic squares and adhesive squares to stick them onto the back of this board. They go on fine, but the magnets themselves are barely strong enough to hold this board onto my fridge. And every time I open or close it, this board slides or outright falls to the floor.  There's 2 magnets meant to hold notes on the front of the board, and I ended up just putting those directly on the fridge and then resting the bottom edge of this board on them just to help to keep it from sliding down my fridge.  The magnetic backing on this just plain ol' sucks.  And if you're selling a product that basically only does 2 things, you should really get both of those things right. Great board, crap magnet backing.
I'm always looking for Dry-Erase boards to jot down notes and dates. The Quartet board works well for an inexpensive board. It comes with permanent self-stick pads, or magnets to hang. However, the magnets are not strong enough to hold the board to a surface. I ended up hot gluing other magnets that I bought at a craft store to keep it up. There are definitely better products out there, but if you're looking for something inexpensive, this does the job.
The Acco Brands (Quartet) 8.5&#34;x11&#34; magnetic dry erase board is designed to be a lightweight, light duty dry erase board such as would be mounted on a refrigerator or in another prominent household location. This kind of dry erase board is fine for making quick grocery lists, leaving quick messages and the like. Unfortunately, the mounting magnets leave much to be desired; otherwise this would be a really good product.The board comes with two-sided tape mounts, magnetic mounts and two face magnets. A lot of reviewers have complained that the magnets are weak and do not hold, and they&#8217;re right. When trying to mount on a metal surface, like on a refrigerator, the magnets are strong enough to keep the board attached but are not strong enough to keep the board from sliding under its own weight. To prevent the board from sliding, I had to put additional magnets underneath it to stop it from sliding.The face magnets are actually just fine. Just one of the face magnets is strong enough to hold a full-sized sheet of construction paper in place, and that&#8217;s more weight than most would need.The pen works as expected and the board cleans nicely after the writing dries.It is very unfortunate that the manufacturer got the magnets wrong. If not for that, this could be a nice product. There are products out there that work better; I&#8217;d suggest doing more research before setting on this particular board.
The magnets are not strong enough to keep the board up. It slowly slides down to the ground.I tried again without the marker and 2 magnets attached. Still slides.Thinking it might be the coating or texture of the fridge, I tried it on my steel tool chest. Still slides.Overall, it looks and feels cheap. There are a lot of raised edges from the mold (AKA flash). The click-together construction is very apparent at 10 feet and unattractive.But it does the job. Markers write on the board and erase as well as any white board I've used. And I don't doubt the permanent mounting tape will hold on their own. They're doing an excellent job holding onto the magnets. So it's still mostly functional.I suspect this is aimed at the college dorm crowd. If you skip the magnets and mount it straight to the door, it will work just fine (until someone steals your magnets and marker). Getting the tape off the door will be a challenge at the end of the year. Goof-off brand cleaner usually works.
The Gel Wrist rest is nice and does improve my comfort for long hours driving the mouse at my computer and I am very grateful for that. However, The actual mouse pad is very small and could stand to be at least another inch or two wider & longer!
I use a larger mouse, and tend to move it all over the place.  This pad is 'portrait' (about 6.75" x 6.75") as compared to the 'landscape' (about 9" x 7.5") version I have used for ages.  The difference of about 3" manuevering space makes a huge difference to my mouse movement habits.  It is truly beautiful and stays put.  The gel wrist rest is hard for me to get used to, having never used one before, but relatively comfortable after getting used to it.  That also reduces the pad space to be utilized.  Being that I'm on the computer for 8 hours a day, I have a hard time adjusting to a narrower mousepad.  I can use this pad comfortably if I turn it sideways, not using the wrist rest (pointless).  When using it with my laptop and the smaller mouse for shorter periods of time, it's comfortable and easier to utilize the mousepad space with the smaller mouse.
I really wanted to love this mouse pad as I have been looking at something with a wrist rest for quite a while. Unfortunately, after a couple of weeks of use, I find it is not as comfortable as I had expected. Using it took quite a but of getting used to. I discovered I had to find how to position my wrist on the gel rest, or I would end up with my arm (from wrist to elbow) going numb or other times my wrist would actually become painful.I love the colors and design. It's bright and cheery and the pad doesn't slip when on your desk. The gel gets warm as you rest your wrist and certainly is much nicer than setting your wrist on a cold desk top. I think the wrist rest might have been a bit more comfortable with a gel pad that wasn't quite so high or firm. The surface where the mouse rests is hard and textured. It makes cleaning easy, but my laser mouse doesn't seem to always like the surface. The pad size is smaller than my old mouse pad, and I found that since I use a larger mouse, the gel rest can get in the way. My husband's mouse is smaller, and the gel rest doesn't interfere the way it does with the larger one.Personally, I found the overall functionality of this mouse pad to be somewhat of a disappointment.
Scotch generally makes great products, so I was really surprised by how flimsy these sheets were. They seemed more like contact paper than laminating sheets. They were very thin, and the end look was not the crisp, professional finish I would hope for with Scotch.Another thing to keep in mind, these are "single sided" laminating sheets. This means the ten pages is really five pages, if you want the back laminated as well.I love the fact that they have grid lines on the peel away paper, so your cut lines are always straight. The laminating paper itself is easy to cut so you can trim your projects easily.I would recommend these for school projects and newspaper clippings or other small personal keepsakes. I would not recommend these for anything you wanted a more professional look with.
Thickness is 2.75 mil. Does not stiffen the object as much as thicker laminating products.As with their tapes, 3M does not disclose the thickness on the product, product packaging, or literature. Or anything about what the material is, or whether it holds up to UV (sunlight).Clarity is acceptable, not great.10 sheets is enough to laminate FIVE 8-1/2 x 11 sheets, of course.Bulk packs (competing brands) are a much better deal than this 10 pack.
These self-sealing laminating sheets are easy-to-use but the finished product is of so-so quality.  I tried these sheets to preserve travel momentos (ticket stubs, business cards) in a single sheet, and also for photographs.The sheets are easy-peel (there's a removable strip at the top, so no hunting for a corner to peel), but it's harder when you apply the second sheet (the back).  Lining up the two sheets is difficult, and the sheets easily stick to each other.  At this point, it's possible to peel them back apart, but the process leaves the back sheet with some ridges/folds, and fingerprints start to accumulate in the adhesive as you try to get things positioned just so.Once you carefully apply the back sheet, pressing firmly, you'll notice the plastic doesn't appear entirely clear.  This is because tiny pockets of air remain, even after pressing firmly while sealing.  Despite the glossy finish, this means the product isn't suitable for laminating a photograph (even though a laminated photograph is what's pictured on the packaging I received).  Using an edge like your fingernail and rubbing firmly on the surface is enough to smooth a patch so it looks clear as was intended, but it's too much work to apply that technique to an entire 9x12 sheet.  Larger air bubbles can't be removed once the sheets are sealed together.A pair of sheets is reasonably rigid, but isn't entirely firm like traditional lamination would be.This product seems unsuitable for photos, or things that are intended to be scanned or photographed later (where clarity matters), but seems a decent way to protect recipes or odds-and-ends like my ticket stubs. For some of those things, like recipes, that are likely coming from a printer anyway, it's  simpler to print them on a glossy heavy paper to begin with, rather than laminating them later.These sheets don't require any other tools, but aren't nearly as useful (or nice to look at) as traditional heat-sealed lamination.  Recommended for limited purposes only.
Not a huge amount you can write about a mouse pad, and this one gets three stars for me.It works OK, the mouse tracks fine, and it's non slip base keeps it from moving around on most surfaces.Where it loses points is in that it's thin, feels cheap (mine was actually warped and didn't lay fully flat for a while) and the gel wrist pad is rock hard.I don't expect the pad to be like Jello, but it shouldn't feel like a fabric covered piece of wood either.Not an expensive mat by any means, but there's better stuff out there.
I like that the rubber bottom keeps the mouse pad from sliding around. I also like having a wrist support on my mouse pad. The problem is that the support is too stiff and too thick. I wish it was a bit softer. I think gel would have been a better alternative.
I was expecting this wrist pad/mouse pad to be soft and comfortable for my wrist.  Instead it is a very firm wrist pad that is Very supportive....so it does its job, just not in a comfortable way.  It is made well and sturdy as well.Maybe I am spoiled because I have had a gel wrist pad for a few years now and it is perfect.  To me it is like comparing a brick pillow to a soft, supportive pillow.I need my gel wrist pad back!
This little mouse pad is too small be effective even with my Logitech VX Revolution, a fairly compact notebook mouse.  The surface area is adequate when minimal movement is required but for anything more ambitious, the size of the pad severely limits your range of motion.  For instance, while I was editing and cropping photographs, I found that I had to constantly reposition the mouse because it regularly bumped into the wrist rest.  While that's not an insurmountable problem, it is time-consuming, annoying and certainly, avoidable.And about the wrist rest, I don't know what it's made of but I do know that after a few hours of use, it actually hurt my wrist and caused cramps in my hand.  In short, it's hard and uncomfortable rather than therapeutic as I imagine was intended.
The 3M Foam Mouse Pad with Wrist Rest works as most mouse pads of this nature do.  The rest provides support and the mousing surface is a good grade synthetic covering.I assume that the anti-microbial protection is woven into the cloth or a spray coating. Either way, I could feel any difference with my arm over the previous wrist rest mousing surface I was using.I guess the question is, do you need an anti-microbial mouse pad, and if you do, how do you know its working?  I haven't figured that part out yet.  And seeing that I have a single user PC, I wonder if getting the extra protection that this offers is really what I needed.As a mosue pad, its a mouse pad.  As for its anti-microbial benefit, maybe I should invite a kid with a cold over to test it out?  Better yet, I'll just assume its working in the background and we'll call it even.  OK?
I like the height and softness of this wrist support, compared to the one I had previously used.  This one is taller and more comfortable.  The rounded top holds my wrists and hands in a more natural position, as well.I do wish it were wider, but that may just be a difference in style that I need time to adjust to.  At the moment, I have to position this with an inch between the edge of my desk and the wrist-support, and another inch between the support and the keyboard.  The support doesn't slide around, but my keyboard does, so I need to adjust it every now and then.  It would be better (in my opinion) if it were an inch or even 1.5 inches wider.It is soft and a good thickness/height, though.
Unless you have some kind of allergy to Gel based rests.  I switched out the gel for he foam wrist rest, but will switch back.  The gel rest is definitely softer and more comfortable.  However, the foam rest does it job, so it's better than nothing or a wood rest (yes, I have one of those too on my keyboard drawer).
The wrist rest does what it's supposed to in terms of supporting my wrists. But I have two concerns about it:First, it seems to be a magnet for cat hair. I keep having to pick cat hair out of the cover-- it doesn't just brush off easily, like it would if it were a "leatherette"-type covering. (When did the word "pleather" go out of fashion?)But more concerning to me is the smell. It arrived with a very toxic odor, which was strange because the wrist rest was not encased in any sort of plastic-- it's in a sleeve of cardboard that left the wrist rest very open to the air, so it's not like the toxic odor was just due to its being trapped in its packaging. It's a lot like the odor memory foam bedding gives off, which really IS toxic most of the time. Over the couple of weeks that I've had this, the smell has faded, but that doesn't mean that the chemicals are actually gone. I searched the box for an ingredients list, but there was none. It doesn't make me feel good wondering what sort of chemicals are going to be on my wrists and hands all day when I use this.
The foam wrist rest is great on my wrist.  However, I was not prepared for the smell.  It has a really strong chemical scent that was not pleasant.  If you can get past the smell...you will enjoy the foam comfort.
I love binders, I use them for everything.  This binder is nice.  Inside each cover are 3 pockets to slip items into, the D-rings are nice and it opens and closes smoothly.  However, the tab for opening the binder is plastic, and I wonder how long it will hold up if the binder is opened and closed several times on a daily basis.  The cover has a clear pocket so you can slip in a title page or whatever.  So, as binders go, it is good product.  It is "built" in America of both American and foreign components. My complaint about it would be the price. Amazon has it for $11.99.  Binders are made out of chipboard or stout cardboard and the vinyl is press on.  Simple and inexpensive items are used to make binders.  $11.99 is so far out of the ballpark for what I would pay, it isn't funny.  I work for a therapist that uses binders instead of manilla folders and we buy them in bulk for $1.30 apiece for the 1 inch binder.  This one is better made than our bulk purchase--but not over $10 better.Good product, way overpriced.
I wouldn't have bought this product for $12, but I got it free to review and my kids go through these things like crazy. This "premium" binder feels no different from the other binders I have bought for them. The easy open feature is nice, but not worth the extra money. My daughter does like the fact that you can pretty-up the cover by inserting a decorated piece of paper, but other binders have that feature, too. It does have two levels of inside pockets, which is nice. Overall, though, the quality does not feel "premium" to me -- it is not heavier than Avery binders. I don't think it's going to hold up any better. For $12, I was expecting more.
If you have trouble opening standard three-ring binders, the single-touch locking mechanism is a life-saver. It really is blessedly easy to open, and thus far the rings have indeed avoided developing that annoying gap that papers slip through. However, $12 is awfully expensive for a binder, so I would not recommend this product unless you find the single-touch features absolutely essential.
What else can one say about this binder other than it's a binder. It does its job. It's claim to fame is that it has a single touch ring trigger that opens with ease. And yes, it does and it works well. It also has pockets on both flaps that are a nice touch.But at a list price of $12, I don't know that it is worth the added cost. Unless you really, really struggle with opening the rings, I wouldn't recommend paying the premium price for this product.
For over $11, I was expecting a great quality binder, and I do not feel that the overall quality of this binder warrants its' cost. My main complaint is that both the white cover and the clear plastic cover shield (on the outside) are very puckered. There are 3 vertical lines of puckering on the binder edge and on the front and back cover two of the corners have puckers that run horizontally across the covers. I also expected the cardboard would be of a heavier and sturdier stock for this price range. What I do like about this is that the binder mechanism works well. I can appreciate the slanted rings for holding more paper as well as allowing the paper in the binder to lay flatter against the rear cover. I do also like that it has a 1/4 and a 1/2 deep pocket on both the inside front and inside rear cover. The pockets also would be functional along the narrow inside binder section because the binder mechanism is attached to the back cover. The outside narrow binder section also has one full width functioning clear sleeve. The back cover (because of the binder rivets) would fit 9"x11" under it's clear plastic shield and the front cover would fit 10"x11". If the outside of the notebook did not have all the creases and puckers I would have given it a 4.5 star rating- only dinging it for not having more sturdy cardboard stock.The clear plastic cover shield is listed as being non-stick PVC free if that is important to you.
I was disappointed in the SuperTab feature because it technically does not provide a larger tab; it simply has a larger cutout below the tab. I could do this on my own with regular folders with a pair of scissors! I was hoping it would have longer tabs so when I have a file with a longer name, I would not have to lower the font size on my labels. As such, this product provides no benefit over normal file folders pertaining to features or quality.
The Smead Super Tab folders are indeed folders with a large tab.  And the tab size worked great for me.  All folders should come with tabs this size.What I did not like was the folder construction.  The folders are like most of their kind, flimsy.  Years ago folders were much stiffer, but they changed to super flimsy a few years back and they have never returned.  Thus, 3 stars instead of 5.  Big tabs YES!  Flimsy folders no.AD2
These are very average in quality. If you need a folder that will not be handled much they will be fine.  If you want something durable, keep looking.  I do like the expanded tab size but I am not thrilled with the weight of the paper used in these folders.  You really need to weigh your needs when considering this product.  If tab size is your most necessary feature then this is a good choice for you.
These are very lightweight, thin folders with one unique feature. The region of the tab is cut away on the front of the folder more than usual to provide additional space for writing notes. Honestly, if I hadn't gotten a trial box for free from the Vine program then I probably would never buy these. Our filing needs don't include a requirement for more than a word of two of labeling on each folder.Also, now seems like a strange time to be trying to reinvent the standard file folder. Most offices large and small are working on reducing how many paper files they have, not how to write more information on the files. The biggest downside is the very thin weight of the folders themselves. Thin folders are fine for storage when you don't use them often or load 'em up. But for many uses these are simply too thin.On the upside, these are Made in the USA, which I appreciate.
SuperTab? Not really.These are identical to my usual tab folders, except that the cut out below the tab goes farther down the folder. The does result is a 90% larger label area. However, this is meaningless once you put papers in the folder since the papers cover up the added tab label space. The tab is not higher (this is a good thing since that would cause the tabs to hit the drawer above when you closed the drawer). The folders are otherwise fine, but the SuperTab feature is not a real innovation.
These folders are exactly as described... the tab area where you write the contents of the folder are nearly twice as large as on standard folders.  If you are buying enough of these folders to completely replace your filing system, or starting a new one from scratch, and could use the extra space, these would be helpful.  But if you are mixing them into an already existing filing system, you won't be able to use the extra space because it gets covered up by other folders.Also, they accomplish the extra space by making the whole folder slightly shorter so that the papers JUST fit in there.  For reasons I don't quite understand, they also cut the folder extra low under the tab area, so a large portion/corner of the papers are exposed.If they are the same price and this appeals to you, go for it, but I'm not sure I'd pay a whole lot extra for them.
Ok, they're "SuperTab" folders, which means they've got more room in the label area, if you want to use two file folder labels, or maybe address labels.  The tabs themselves are no taller than a regular file folder, but the front part of the folder is cut a bit deeper so you can see a larger label.Great idea--until you put a sheet of paper in the folder.  Standard size paper covers the extra label space.As folders, the quality of these is just fine.  If you're looking for taller folders to have more usable label space and visibly stick out of hanging file folders, look elsewhere.
This chalk has bright, vibrant colors. It was vivid on our driveway, and even stood up to a spring rain shower without washing away.It is not the ideal chalk for children's use, however, because the chalk sticks break easily. Two of the sticks were broken when they arrived in the package from Amazon.While the chalk sticks are not very durable, the quality of the color more than makes up for this deficiency. This is a good chalk for teachers and art students.
Don't get me wrong. This chalk comes in really nice colors, and it writes just fine on chalkboard surfaces. I'll bet it's even pretty good on cement and wood, though I haven't tried those yet. But what in the world could induce me to spend nearly a buck a stick for chalk when I can get it at the dollar store for a buck a box? The chalk is fine, and I kept trying to figure if maybe Vine reviewers got one box, but regular purchasers got six or eight (or 12) for the price. It doesn't appear that way. So, yes the chalk is pretty good, and the colors and great, but at $11 for 1/3 ounce I won't be coming back.
I bought this for my second grade class.  It had the features that I liked - quiet, multiple openings so that it sharpened the larger colored pencils that we use in my class as well as standard pencils and it was easy for the children to use safely and correctly.  It worked well for the first 4 or 5 months of school and then just stopped.  While I recognize that it was sharpening many pencils over the course of those months, it still seemed very premature for it to break down so quickly.
While put off by the cutesy teenage daisy design, I decided this mouse pad might be just the ticket for use with my optical mouse.  After using it for a couple of weeks, I've found that the gel wrist pad is too thick and causes my hand to fall asleep.  Other than that, the mouse works well on the surface and it grips well to my desk top.  I've been using it with the gel wrist pad turned to the top.
Unlike the other reviews, I haven't found the wrist rest to be bulky, uncomfortable, or too big.  I actually don't really notice it, which is good.  I love that the mouse pad bottom is tacky enough to stay put on my desk and the design is pretty cute and girly (which works since I'm a girl).  I use an optical mouse and have had no problems with the actual mouse pad surface.  My one big complaint is that the whole thing is too small.  If I sit with my hand comfortable and then need to move to the top of the page, the mouse runs off the top of the mouse pad every single time.  The same with side to side.  The actual surface of the mouse pad is about 2/3 the size of a standard one and this causes problems.  If they would make it bigger, I would happily give this item five stars.
This mousepad looks good, bright pink with pretty flowers.  The gel wrist pad is a fun, cushy, and flexible.  I have a glass top desk, and the mouse pad sticks to it well, doesn't bunch even a centimeter.  But I've found, and I don't know if it's just me, that my wrist actually hurts after using it awhile.  Maybe the gel is just too bouyant for me. It's still functional, but I've turned it around so as not to use the write rest.
The design of this product is cute and attractive.  Girly.  However, at least for me, the wrist rest part of this mousepad didn't work - it was a big lump in the way of using my mouse.This is definitely off the charts, but I love the mousepad as much as I hate the gel-filled wrist rest. So I cut off the gel-filled wrist rest and am just using this product as a mousepad. The mousepad is actually extremely high-quality - the surface is covered with a hard and durable plastic finish, and the underside of the mousepad has an excellent non-skid surface. Would this product be worth paying the full stated retail price?  Probably not.
Just received this through Amazon, and was excited for my daughter who wanted this for her laptop computer. It's small, yet big enough for her laptop, complete with gel wrist rest. She liked it a lot. Cute floral decorations, it's made of plastic, and doesn't skid. Great for girls doing their reports on their computers. My daughter loved the design, and loved the wrist rest gel pad.
With the Daisy Design, this mouse pad is very cheery and fun. I especially like the matching accessories that are available separately. The gel wrist rest is great for someone like me who uses the computer all day; I get pains in my wrist and definitely need more support.Here's why I'm giving this mouse pad 3 stars - the actual pad is too small. I kept bumping the mouse into the gel wrist rest and couldn't scroll as far as I needed. It did get better after I got used to having the limited space for the mouse, but I think this is a design flaw that should have been easily figured out prior to putting the product on the market.
I'm using the '3M Precise Optical Mousing Surface' with my wireless Microsoft "BlueTrack" Optical Mouse, and to be honest it's nothing special at all. It tracks well, but no better than my free mousepad that came with some software I bought. The texture is rough, and I can't get used to it. It's like running your mouse on sandpaper. Some people might prefer the rough surface, but I sure don't. The pad is an average size, thin, and lightweight. It comes with a multiple use, adhesive back if you want to keep it in place. 3M claims that this mousing surface will extend the battery life of wireless mice by up to 75%. Perhaps it will, but I don't see it having any "magic powers" to extend the battery life. I can't recommend the 3M Precise Optical Mousing Surface unless you're absolutely sure you're going to like mousing on a rough surface.
Maybe this "precise optical mousing surface" was over-hyped.  I found it to be nothing more than a thin mouse pad.  In fact, the bottom of it is an adhesive that acts like a sticker, which is nice to keep it from slipping around on your desk.  The only advantage I found versus the many free rubber-backed mousepads out there is the fact that it is thinner.  Whether it actually makes your optical mouse batteries last longer is hard for me to verify.If you are in the market for a very thin mouse pad that looks quite plain, this may be for you.
These are pretty standard manila folders in size and configuration. However, they are quite  lightweight. Much more flimsy than the "usual" folders I've purchased over the years. I'm not sure if that relates to the post consumer/recycled content, or just another way to cut corners to keep the price down. I would not use them for files I had to refer to often, as they likely wouldn't last long under constant use, but I would use them for files I wished to keep and only needed to refer to on occasion.
How do you review labels?  These worked fine using the standard Avery templates, and printed without any issues, both in my HP Photosmart inkjet printer at home and in the HP Laserjet printer at the office.  I didn't notice any smudging, but then again I didn't see them after they'd been handled briefly.  They are certainly adequate, but I didn't see any great advantage over any other comparable labels.
I like the fact that this can be put in a backpack or bag and will protect the contents from rain or spills.The awkwardness comes in to play when you are trying to put a folder in or take a folder out. The flip top wants to stay closed rather than open. It would have been better if Wilson Jones could have used the same material used for the accordion folded sides for the filer itself. Using that material would have also made the folder lighter.I'm not sure if I'm going to get much use out of this because I find getting items in and out of it quite annoying.Nice idea though.
I think some people will truly love the Big Mouth backpack filer, while others will be a bit more apathetic.  Most kids (the people who use backpacks more often) don't really use file folders anymore, and this is a showcase and storage device for vertical folders.  In fact, five are included.  The size of the container (although somewhat expandable) doesn't particularly lend itself to holding a large amount of paperwork either.  And while it is not the easiest container to manipulate being made of stiff plastic, it still has a cool design that I rather like.  In short, I think the Big Mouth is somewhat flawed in concept but I still have found it practical in my household.I have been using my file folder to arrange and organize my bill paying station.  For the month, I add incoming bills and readjust the folders as I pay things down (I have a lot of bills, unfortunately).  I clear it out monthly, so I don't need a lot of space and so the product has been suitable for me.  In the end, Big Mouth will have its uses, but it may not be the universal product you would hope.  About 3 1/2 stars for that reason.  KGHarris, 5/14.
Its plastic, it can hold some papers, it has a little rubber band like cord to hold the lid down. It is not a very big holder, might be good for small jobs or carrying sorted material from one place to another - but a manila envelope is good for that. Its fine, f you need it, but - at $10 - why bother?  A couple of typical paper folders with 2 pocket sleeves is nearly as good, and at the beginning of the school year you can get 40 or more of those for $10. This product is simply too pricey.
It's a pain to try to get a clipboard into a full backpack - if you put it in paper edge down the paper gets trashed, but if you put it in clip side down the clip gets caught. I was hoping this vertical filer would help. Unfortunately, it's not big enough to hold anything but folders (even a spiral notebook probably wouldn't fit).As a filing system it's workable.Pros:- Fits in any backpack that would  hold a looseleaf.- Comes with its own folders.- No noisy Velcro closure to interrupt class.Cons:- The accordion edges are very stiff, and catch stuff.- The top tabs on the folders are really hard to write on.  I guess I could use crayon...- The folders are opaque, which makes it harder to identify contents on the fly.- The top flap is large and stiff, thus it's a pain to open the filer without taking it out of the aforementioned full backpack.The filer is clearly cooler looking than a lot of other systems.  But I personally will continue using a clipboard, and my set of  AveryCorner Lock High Capacity Document Sleeves (a pricier alternative, but more convenient).
I loved the idea of this filing system but the execution needs some tweaking. The plastic it's made of already shows some signs of stress on the seams with light usage. The accordion expansion is a great idea but basically useless since the outer casing doesn't expand with it. It does not stay open but constantly flops closed unless you are actively holding it open.What I do love is the vertical positioning and the tabbed folders inside. I hope they revisit and improve this product, I would gladly invest in a few of these if some improvements were made. As it is, it will still be useful to me just not in as large of a capacity as I had hoped.
I can tell this is designed with the student in mind. There are five pockets that fit into the larger organizer. I'm not a student, and didn't get this for that purpose, but am using it to organize papers all related to a single topic.It's important to note that the five individual &#34;pockets&#34;, while folder-LIKE, are not quite folders. They can be removed completely from the expanding organizer. However, they are simply a pocket -- they are completely sealed at the bottom and the left edge. You can slip papers into them, but can't open it to flip through all of the papers to find what you need. More than likely, you'll need to remove all of the papers to flip through them efficiently.Each pocket has a small tab at the top, and they are staggered when all five are placed into the organizer. Unfortunately, there are no stickers provided to mark the tabs, so I assume you're just supposed to use a Sharpie to mark them. This is unfortunate, if you want to reuse them for a different purpose later.The entire product is made of a durable plastic material -- however, in my experience this material tends to &#34;crack&#34; instead of tearing like cardboard. The bottom of the organizer is only about 2 inches and is fixed, which means it can only hold so many pages -- the manufacturer claims 100, but that could be less if staples and paper-clips are involved.Technically, you could also place papers directly in the organizer, so it's really 6-in-1.The organizer has a giant fold-down flap that secures the pockets, and the flap is secured by a small elastic band that fits around a black knob. It doesn't close very tightly, and I can't imagine the elastic staying secured in a bag. However, in a drawer or on a desk, it would probably be fine.I tend to think it is somewhat limiting and not exactly functional for a person &#34;on-the-go&#34;. However, if you have 100 (or definitely fewer than a 100) pieces of paper to organize in five (or fewer than five) categories, then this will probably work for you.
The Quartet Arc Combination Board is very attractive. The Cork has an unusual brownish/bluish tinge and the seal-healing feature where the holes are camflouged after removing the pins is a nice feature.My issue is that upon removing the board from the box (by just gently lifting up) the entire framing side detached, a quick catch saved the board from hitting the floor but I didn't expect a brand new item to come apart as it was leaving the delivery box.  A quick glue job fixed that problem but I can't imagine that folks want to have to glue their boards together when they are brand new and if it is for a kid's room, they don't tend to handle things as carefully as adults.It's a fine, attractive board with a nice cork feature and my experience may be the exception, not the rule, but I'm rating the item I received. If you are getting it and hanging it up immediately and not planning on handling it much, then it may be fine for you.
While the picture on the product description is accurate, I still wasn't quite prepared for the cork:whiteboard ration on this board. The white board portion is nice and smooth and erases easily. The cork looks good and seems like it will stay in place. However, there's just a little too much cork on this board. That wouldn't be so bad, but I had planned on using this board in a vertical position.Unfortunately, the design doesn't really allow you to change the orientation of the board. The longer top and bottom edges of the board are made of a silverish plastic, while the shorter edges are black plastic. Because the black plastic is much narrower (and the piece under the cork has the brand name written on it), you just can't change the orientation of the board and make it look right.Still, this is a pretty decent board. It's not one that will hold up to being moved around a lot, but it's perfect for a laundry room, kids room, or small home office.
This would seem to be the perfect message center for a home or small office. Even though I only gave it three stars, I would still recommend it due to its good functionality and overall value.Pros:1. Combination of cork board and white board is nice, and the white board is large enough to still be of use. Some other products are too small overall and cramped for either the white board or cork board to be useful. This one is about right.2. Great mounting options. You can either use wallboard attachments via screws and a couple small plastic mounting clips, or you can use the two provide cubicle pins/hooks if that works for your application. The wall mounting clips have a slotted screw hole to allow easy final adjustment. This is not the norm, in my experience. Usually, you are expected to just get it level on your own.3. The frame is well finished and doesn't distract.4. The whilte board writes and erases easily.5. The magnetic white board works well with the supplied two magnets or other aftermarket supplied magnets.Cons:1. The seam between the white and cork boards was off just a bit in my sample due to a slight separation of the white board from the backing near the seam between the two. I was able to press it back together, but this seems like the sort of problem that will come back someday.2. No chalk tray or other place to stash the pens and eraser. I think this is a big deal. Where are you supposed to put that stuff? If you get a magnetic set, it will take up 25% of the area. I think a simply chalk tray is a better solution.SummarySo, I like this board and would get it again. If the two &#34;cons&#34; above were fixed, I would give it five stars.
The writing surface and the cork area is decent and work as intended, but I have some beef with the quality. The frame came a bit loose and the backing is cardboard - it's not super sturdy. The instructions to hang it were also confusing and unclear, and I ended up tossing them and guessing how the board gets hung; a paper &#34;guide&#34; to help me on screw placement would've been really helpful but alas none was included.At Costco they carry a whiteboard much larger than this one and which includes many magnetic markers and a sturdy backing, as well as very clear and easy-to-understand instructions for $25; if you have a Costco membership and the cork board isn't necessary I recommend going that route.
They work as they're supposed to, but I like theAvery  Big Tab Two-Pocket Insertable Plastic Dividers, 8-Tab Set, 1 Set  (11907)better.  They have tabs for labeling/organizing on the sides.  Also, a pack of 8 is cheaper than this 5-pack.  Better quality, better price, better overall deal.
This product comes with five Jackets. Each Jacket has front and back pockets. They are not meant to protect the documents since those pockets are half-open. These slash packets are transparent and made of pretty thick plastics. I believe they are can used for a long time. At the time of review, it comes with five jackets for over right dollars. So it is quite expensive. It is the downside of it. There are many alternatives out there if you are so crazy about the transparent plastic.
I see this laminating machine being used for scrap-booking mostly. I wish it had been the electric type with heating elements. If you want to laminate a fishing license, ID card or something small, it does not work very well. Its almost consistent of using two large pieces of scotch tape and sticking it together. The type that melts together is far superior. using it to lock photos between two pages of plastic, with notes and such in between, is fine. It works good for that type of usages.
I only tried this a couple of times (because I have little use for lamenation) but it didn't work very well and often the end product came back bumpy. Also if your going to lamenate small items do several at once or else you'll end wasting a lot of product.
Interesting concept - cold lamination that works by sandwiching the item you want laminated between two sticky laminating sheets and then turning a crank to draw the item through the machine. It's hand cranked and very simple to use. The laminating sheets are a cartridge inserted at the top of the machine.I like the idea and simplicity of this machine especially when used around children since there isn't any massive heat to worry about. The only problem is I've yet to laminate something without creases in one place or another. Nothing lamintes perfectly so it's a risk trying to laminate anything important.I wish there was a way to perfect the process but nothing I've tried really does the trick. In this case, it would be okay to use the machine for laminating signs for yard sales, events - in other words, anything you need temporarily or that you can throw away afterwards.This would work for kids for simple scrapbooking but not so useful otherwise.
This product gets some things right and some things very wrong. I didn't even know how to begin to rate it star-wise, so I gave it the average of the following:***** 5 stars for the idea, which is to make an easy-on-the-environment non-electric laminator that anyone can use (even children or people living off the grid who might want to make some signs for their next big protest). If you could depend on the laminating cartridge to work flawlessly (see "2 stars" and "1 star" below), it might be a very handy thing for anyone making signs and lots of them.**** 4 stars for the relatively small footprint and sleek look of the laminator sitting across the room on a desk. Sticks easily in a closet and doesn't tie up valuable electrical real estate. How nice not to have yet another cord to deal with!*** 3 stars for the price, which I think is way too much for a simple positioning aid (which is really all it is) made of fairly flimsy black and metal-looking plastic bundled with a short 18-foot sample cartridge of laminating material instead of a standard 90-foot cartridge. (And how are you going to know how the real thing, which is pricey, is going to handle if you have difficulties, like I did, with the sample cartridge? Again, see "2 stars" and "1 star" below.)Like cheap printers with toner cartridges that cost more than buying a new printer, replacement cartridges for this laminating system are where Scotch is going to make its money, and that's where the quality control is going to be most important. Buyers of the system need to feel confident that every single cartridge they buy will either work properly or be replaced at no charge. If Scotch wants to stick with the sample cartridge model, people would be more willing to take a chance on the LS960 if the upfront "try me" cost were a whole lot less; they might then be more likely to purchase replacement cartridges once they see if the system is going to work for them.** 2 stars for the pitiful instructions, which do not even tell you how to properly insert the guide tray or operate the cutter, much less how to seat the two-sided laminating cartridge&mdash;which may be why my first three efforts to laminate a letter-sized sheet of paper resulted in highly unsatisfactory stuck-together ridges and folds so that the sheet would not lay flat and had to be thrown away. (I am giving Scotch the benefit of the doubt here that the brief little tri-fold instructions I received were not intended as the only instructions and that an operating manual was supposed to have been sent but mistakenly wasn't included; otherwise, the instructions would rate 1 star.)* 1 star for the fact that, once the two sheets of laminating material start feeding cockeyed and wrinkling/sticking together, there is no way that you're going to get them straightened out again, not without wasting reams of material and employing several other people to help you&mdash;and then it's a big IF that you would succeed. There are no troubleshooting tips to tell you how to deal with a problem like this&mdash;I suspect because there IS no way to deal with a problem like this&mdash;or whether it could be caused by an old or defective cartridge or, whatever the case, what the remedy is. Life these days is stressful enough without having to contend with whopping big sticky messes. I think I'd have better luck with a box of self-adhesive laminating sheets.I wanted this laminator for two reasons: to make nice-looking durable signs to thumbtack to a display at an upcoming writers' conference (well, scratch that idea!) and possibly (although not an advertised feature) to make write-on/wipe-off garden planning layouts. I tried to use one of my fluorescent write-on/wipe-off pens on the laminating material, and it didn't adhere. A grease pencil might work, but I'm not going to bother buying one because my garden layout is so crumpled/stuck together as to be useless. I would have been happy if I just could have made my signs.I do hope Scotch will keep working on this product to resolve the problems with it. I hope, too, that one day I'll be able to order a cartridge for this laminator and trust that I can pop it in and laminate sheets without difficulty. I don't have that trust now, so this product is going to be stashed in the back of a closet.
Pros :*Easy to refill*Lightweight*Comfortable to hold*The clear tape is very thick, making this appropriate for outside packaging, such as mailing parcels.Cons :*It's not a one-handed operation like other dispensers. Since the tape does not necessarily flow easily out of the dispenser (there are odd plastic "teeth" that catch the tape), you need to use one hand to catch the tape and apply it to the package, as the other hand is pulling on the dispenser to stretch the tape over the rest of the package.  I've used smaller dispensers (the industrial kind) that may be bulkier, but their design allows the tape to immediately stick to the packaging so that the other hand is free to hold onto and turn the package.*The tape easily splits and tears, depsite its thickness.
This is a very attractive tape dispenser. My problem with it is twofold. One it doesn't work very efficiently. Through the years I have had several shipping based businesses, and you need something that will work quickly, and accurately. The way to do that is to be able to lay the tape dispenser down on the box, with the sticky side of course facing down, and be able to pull the dispenser across the seam, and have it dispense tape. This one does not do that. Even if you press the tape sticky side down, hard on the surface, the base plastic strip that would hold it to the surface doesn't do the job. So you have to pull some tape out, manually press that section onto the box, and then use it to dispense tape.The second problem is that it doesn't take standard in the industry, bought by the case tape rolls. This one has a little neck, or should I say center roller for holding the tape that is less than half the opening size of the standard by case tape. So Scotch is giving away the dispenser, and then making it up on the tape refills.I gave it 3 stars for the above reasons, but if someone wants a tape dispenser to keep in their kitchen drawer for the occasional taping chore, with a little finagling, it will suffice. For that purpose it is better than the industrial grade larger unit that really does a much better job.
I'll say one good thing about this is it's not an eyesore like most tape dispensers. The problem's out weigh the good. First it doesn't hold that much tape. Next, it's not easy to switch out the tape and the last thing is that you have to buy Scotch's overpriced tape since other brand's don't fit this. So if you need something for the looks and you don't mind spending money on overpriced tape rolls this is for you but if you want something that is more utilitarian and universally adaptable get the old standby dispenser.

This tape dispenser works fine but it is rather bulky. I would rather use regular packing tape that does not have a handle or case. Scotch also makes tear-by-hand tape that is nice.