no, you won't fool anyone into thinking that these are commercial-quality cards, but they're pretty good. i prefer the matte finish over glossy which tend to have even flimsier paper. the size of these cards are basically a piece of 8.5"x11" paper folded in half, so that makes these larger than a normal commercial greeting card. but since they're "regular paper-sized," it's easy to design your own elements and print without worrying about sizing, orientation, etc...this is fine for casual card-making. despite using your printer's ink, it's still cheaper than buying greeting cards. it's a good option for a home hobbyist or for making last-minute cards if you don't feel like going to the store.
This is nice thick card stock that does not bleed through. I used these for invitations and printed a full color picture on front, black & white print with a color image inside and a color image on the back. They looked fantastic! Of course I did need to keep the pages separated for a minute, so the ink could dry, but nothing smeared and they looked fabulous. The only trouble I had was that I couldn't find an option for this Avery size in my Word 7, so I used what I thought was closest to that size and it worked just fine (and that is why I didn't give it 5 stars). I would definitely purchase these again!
Perfect cardstock for creating my own greeting cards on my inkjet printer.  I used the templates for Microsoft Word, and they fed nicely into my Canon MP830.  Totally satisfied and will use this for future cards.
These cards are made of pretty good card stock with nice envelopes.  The template I downloaded did not have any envelope printing option; there was only a template for the card.  Designing the card took a little bit of experimenting before I got the writing and picture to be organized correctly in the template.  There are really no guides in the template. It also took me a while to orient the paper correctly in the printer, but once that worked, the output of the picture on the card cover was rich.This is for inkjet printers only and before I selected this product, I had missed that description.  I did try it in my laser printer with the duplex option set and the card stock got jammed as expected.  However, it did print the front of the card beautifully before that happened.  I then printed a saying on regular paper and glued it to the back of the card.  Obviously, if you have an inkjet printer, you won't have to do this. Instead, I had my friend use this product on her inkjet printer. Below is her review:"The paper has the perfect weight for card stock.  The paper fed through my printer with ease each time (not too thick), and it worked well for double sided printing with no bleed through.  Both black and color ink printed perfectly.  I would purchase this brand card stock paper again."In summary, if you like printing your own cards and have an inkjet printer, then this Avery product is a good option.
This is a great size for a holiday letter card where you can print a photo on the cover and your letter on the inside, works easier if your printer does doublesided automatically.
The avery Half-Fold Greeting Cards for Inkjet Printers are great for Greeting Cards and Invitations. I have made Invitatons and Greeting Cards with ease using this kit. You can easly download Avery Templates and Software to help you make beautiful cards everyone will enjoy receiving.
The other day I needed to mount a paper towel holder in my kitchen.  I have had a hard time in the past trying to drill into our kitchen cupboards, so I used this tape instead.  I was only able to use 2 small pieces about 1 inch each in length.  It has now been up all week!  I am impressed.  Most of the time I usually thing that tape is just tape and I've had mixed experiences with tape of this type. But, with this tape I am pleased!
This can come in handy for different home projects and decorating. For example, I decorated a huge bathroom mirror with small framed pictures using this double sided tape, it looked great. Perfect when you can't or don't want to ruin a wall with a nail.  I also decorated the ceramic tile backsplash in the kitchen with the same sort of small framed pictures.  The tape is not too hard to remove from the glass/mirror/tile surfaces but expect some difficulty when removing from painted walls.  A little sanding of the residue is needed.
I perhaps have a strange use for this product. I have a size 9 1/2 foot, and it's wider than most shoes of that size at a 5E. Add to that, my size makes it difficult to tie shoes directly, so I tie them before I put them on, and use a shoe horn.  The problem is the tongue of the shoe can get pushed into the shoe, slipping it on this way, and then the fit is wrong.  I've tried to tie the strings to keep the tongue in place, but this had mixed benefits. I decided to try this two-sided tape, and it works great.  I cut about two, one inch pieces, put them on the top of the tongue, and stuck them to the shoe top from within.  The stick works pretty well and so I no longer have the problem.I believe the sticking power will also work in hanging some of my anime posters that tend to come down with regular tape.  I might try this on some hooks as well, but I believe 3M has a better product for that application.  This is not going to be much use for a carpet, windows, or larger applications, you don't get a lot of tape in the roll, and it's white, not clear, so unless hidden behind the use, you can see it.  All in all though a good product, I'll definately want to get some more.
I remember learning, back in 1st or 2nd grade, how to make standard scotch tape in to double sided tape by just making a loop. That lesson is probably the most-used lesson from that time in my life and I still use that trick on a somewhat regular basis. Scotch Mounting Tape steps things up a couple of notches. Since receiving this tape I have used it to secure a large calendar to my desk, hand a couple of light pictures, and to hold display bottles in place at a chocolate fair.It's light, inexpensive, durable and is handy to have around.
This mounting tape (double-sided) is very strong. I was able to hang a mid-size picture frame or a clock using this and is still standing fine for more than a month now. However, be cautious about the paint - some paint layers can rip due to the weight. Depending on the paint and number of layers you have, you may have to scrap some paint off before hanging things using this tape.
This tape is definitely useful in a lot of ways.  Picture hanging (if it isn't too heavy or fragile), securing items to shelves so they don't get broken, I also used some to keep a shoe holder on my closet shelf from sliding.  There are so many ways this can be used, the limit is your imagination.  Keep in mind, though, that this isn't like Command strips...you can (and probably will) lose some paint or do damage on finished surfaces when you go to remove it.  As long as you're not worried about it being permanent, I highly recommend it.
Putting objects, other than pictures, on the wall can be daunting.  The permanent mounting tape is easy to use and seems to work well so far.  Pealing the tape is easy and mounting it is also simple.  I also have used it for creating art projects where I want certain items to stick on without the use of messy glue.Of course nails and screws work well for hanging things, but I don't always want to put more holes in the walls of my house.  Holes can be hard to fill and hide even when you paint over the surface.  So the tape is simple and can be used on most wall surfaces including tile and wood. It's difficult to put nails into tile, so this product takes care of that.It's also handy since it's a simple roll of tape.  I don't need other equipment and there is no cleaning up. So for that unusual project, I think it's great to have on hand.  The only question is whether it will be easy to remove and clean up if I want to take if off the wall or off the other items.
There's not much to say. This is double-sided mounting tape, and it holds tight. It's easy to apply, and works for most lightweight mounting jobs. It is labeled as "permanent", so I wouldn't recommend using this on anything you want to eventually remove it from. It's not coming off without some effort and residue left behind.My only complaint is that it's a small roll, but that's to be expected.There's really no competition. 3M basically invented this sort of thing.
Great product we used it mount all our travel photos above are bed. One helpful hint, be sure to allow the paint to cure for a few weeks, so that it doesn't lifts off easily. Also, we found it worked best when you prime the walls before you paint it makes a difference when using mounting tape. The paint and texture don't come off so easily when you take the tape off later--which is great. We change out the photos every few months when we go on another trip. We have some photos that have been up for over a year and there is no lift in the corners like you see with other mounting two side tape.
We have been using Scotch brand tape products for decades but not, until now, have we used this product. It is difficult to rate it because of infrequent need but on the one occasion we have used it thus far, it did all that we had hoped it would. If the item remains firmly attached after a month or so, I will add a star to my rating. Meanwhile, perhaps other uses will emerge. Tests and evaluations continue.Meanwhile, again, I say "Thank You" to the Amazonians for the Vine Program.
This is an excellent double sided mounting tape for small items. However, you have to make sure the surface you attach it to is absolutely clean. If there is oil, dirt, grease, etc, it is not going to stick for very long. And the surface you attach it to has to be dry and stay dry and it has to be strong enough to hold whatever you are mounting. If the surface has been waxed, it may not stick for very long. All you have to do is clean the area where you are going to use it and it will do an excellent job. This is a light to medium strength mounting tape and should not be subject to heat or vibration. If you want to mount something in your car or boat, there are other very high strength mounting tapes. If you want to mount a small picture or similar then use 4 good sized pieces, one in each corner, don't use just one in the middle. This mounting tape would be excellent for mounting poster boards.
Scotch 1/2 inch Mounting Tape is a padded, double sided tape on a 75 inch roll. One side gets applied to an object, and the other side gets pressed against a surface on which you wish to mount your object. The cushion between the adhesive layers gives you flexibility when it comes to mounting objects that do not lie flat against one another.This mounting tape is designed to be permanent and is not repositionable. The user must take care to line up objects carefully when mounting them, and there is no guarantee that the surface of your walls will be completely immune to damage when this is removed. For some items, it might be helpful to mark its desired position before mounting, or use a small level.For some items, mounting tape is an ideal solution. For example, one of my children made an art project on a 36 square inch ceramic tile. There was no way to nail it to a wall, and adhesive hangers with flaps for mounting on picture hooks don't always hold up to the task. Due to the irregular surface on the back of ceramic tiles, the foam padding is needed to provide the thickness and to allow for irregularities in the surface.As a rule, you should use about a half inch of this tape per ounce of weight. I used 5.5 inches for the ceramic tile, and the bond is as strong as would ever be needed. The package says that it holds up to 2 lbs, which presumably refers to the maximum weight of each object to be mounted. The roll is long enough to support a total of over nine pounds worth of items. Sixty 4 by 6 photographs weigh about nine ounces, so this roll can go a long way.The tape itself comes in a roll with no dispenser and with a single backing strip between layers. Therefore, you can't pre-cut a section and hold onto it for later. But you can cut off the amount you need, apply it to an object, and leave the backing layer in place until you are ready to mount your object.There's nothing new or innovative about this product, but this product is very well suited to its task. It can also be used for a wider variety of tasks, but it might be best to save it for those special tasks for which it outshines other solutions. Although it can replace anything from thumbtacks to picture hooks, thumbtacks are cheaper and this product might be overkill. As double sided padded adhesive tapes go, this one does the job as well as can be expected.
On first glance these labels look very small, and they are small, but they are "Return Address" labels.  While they could be a little bigger, I was able to fit my address on them with a small picture in front of it (street and apartment number on same line).  You are realistically only going to be able to fit 3 lines on a label (at about 8pt font), so don't expect more than that.  The labels I printed on my inkjet printer were very clear and the colors looked great.  The template allows you to print several styles on a single sheet, which I had printed a few different ones including a small picture to the left of my address and ones with a faded picture in the background.  I am using these as both customized return address labels and address correction stickers on my checks (they are the PERFECT size for that).  I have only used them on regular envelopes and checks to which they applied easily and did not peel at the edges.The "Pop-Up Edge" is a very interesting idea, and is a time-saving way to peel the labels from the sheet.  You simply fold the sheet a little along the perforation and the edge of the labels stick out for you to grab.Word of caution:  Depending on your printer, the printing may be off center or higher on the label than expected.  I'm almost positive this is my printer because I have had this issue with mailing seals as well, but just wanted to advise others to check this before printing many labels.
I love the easy-peel feature on these labels!  I hate when manicures get ruined on the edges due to trying to peel labels!  I experienced some very minor smudging.  The labels adhere well.  I definitely recommend this product.
These are good, but so are other brands, for example 3M.  Comparing the two, the Avery look thicker/brighter, but when held up to a light, they look about the same.The adhesive on these and the 3M are about the same, which is to say not very strong, but adequate for a small return address label.The Easy Peel feature makes it convenient to remove from the sheet.  But 3M also has this feature.The labels dry quickly and do not smudge.While I cannot find anything significantly wrong with these, I also find nothing really outstanding that is not available from other brands.In the end, I would probably go with whichever is cheaper and/or you can get with free shipping.
These work fine. Like every label sheet I find it takes a little working out a template depending on what program you're starting with. My only wish is that these were a little larger so that the type could be bigger. Closer in size to some of the labels often sent out in the mail by organizations as fund raisers. But overall these work well.
These address labels are easy to use, but they are very small.  Had to use 9 pt font to fit the address in the label.  Definitely could not add a picture or graphic to the label because there isn't room.  Easy to peel and economical because so many fit on a page.
I can't imagine every buying a printable label that WASN'T made by Avery.  They are like the mafia of paper products.  I have been using all of their printable labels for years and years now.  Their online support for templates and ideas are just the best.-This is their latest creation: The bendable address label thing.  I don't get it - I mean I see what they're trying to do but I think it's kinda lame.  They work fine - I found the template online and printed up a bunch of address labels using my laserjet printer.  No jamming or anything - prints fine.  With this "new" design, there's a crease or cut in the backing behind the labels along one edge of them which allows you to bend the paper to allow for easy peeling.  But to me - it's no different than peeling it normally.  It says you can "bend it back to flat" after you take a label - but so what - you could do that before anyhow.  Plus, with this new design, trying to take ONE label off causes 2 others to peel off a little - and when you lie it flat, they still stick up a little.  I hate that.  I hate taking a label off even a little bit because then it will lose it's sticky-ness sitting there in a drawer until I use it next.-If you REALLY have trouble peeling off labels, then get this.  Otherwise, don't bother.
I wasn't sure I needed nor wanted the easy peel feature.  However, after mass labeling with more than 300 labels, I find the utility in its design.  It's only useful when labeling large numbers of envelopes at once; but I appreciated the convenience of having all the labels out and ready to go, not having to struggle to dig my nail under each on.My initial impression was that these labels were too small.  They are large enough to fit the average name and address on three lines in Times New Roman 8 point type.  They don't fit a fourth line, even when I tried changing to different typefaces.  If you need four lines, don't buy this.After using the labels, I found the size is actually appealing for my taste.  They are clean and simple and look appropriate on letter and business envelopes.  Larger envelopes or packages may need a more substantial size label.  Companies that want their label to stand out more may also opt for a larger size.
These are the size of those commercial address labels that you can order off of those inserts from Sunday newspapers. An A4 size paper has four columns of these labels. Three lines of text in font size 8, the smallest you can read without a magnifying glass, will fit on this label. So if your address has four lines, these won't work for you.They are not entirely removable because some adhesive comes off and then they do not stick as well the second time. Microsoft Word has templates for Avery size 8167 and 5167 and you can find other templates at Microsoft Office Online web site. Free software download is also available at Avery web site.I use them as return address labels and also to label electronic equipment like cell phone, iPad etc with name, email address and phone number in three lines of size 8 font. You can find other similar uses. They work well in laser printers too.The price of these address labels keeps changing but as of August 2010,3M Permanent Adhesive Return Address Labels, 1/2" X 1 3/4"  Inches White, Laser, 2000 labels per pack (3100-Q),3M Return Address Labels, White, 1/2-inch x 1 3/4-inch, 10 Sheets per Pack (3300-R) (800 total labels)are a littles less expensive. The real competition are the preprinted address labels from inserts in Sunday newspaper which come out far less expensive than these but then you cannot print them at your whim or personalize them.
These labels are of great quality.  No issues with avery design wizard of course.  Not a cheap label.  Good adhesive, nice heavy paper.
These are quality labels that yield a professional look. They also have a perforated backing paper that bends, making them easier to remove from the sheets. If you're looking for a really small no-nonsense label that sells with plenty in a pack, this product might be for you.However, I personally feel they're a little too small for practical use. It's difficult to fit more than three lines of text on this size label and still have it be large enough to read. The typical return address is three to four lines. The largest I can make the common font Times New Roman is 6.5 point in order to fit three lines of text on a label. Fitting four lines requires going down to only 4.5. (A typical font size is 10 to 12 point.)While there's nothing wrong with these labels, I prefer using shipping labels as return address labels. Using a larger-sized label allows users to fit four lines of text, a larger font size, or even a piece of clip-art. While this small size is functional and fuss-free, and one print yields an impressive 60 labels, legibility is sacrificed when labels are this small.
These labels are a godsend for labeling and mailing things.  This 0.5" x 1.75" size is perfect for return addresses and small labels.  I prefer the 1" size for most things because of the larger size, but these work for smaller items.  I have used them to put my son's name on his school supplies, binders, etc. as well as for my things in the classroom like student names on cubbies, pencil cans, supplies in the storage cabinet.  Avery.com has templates that you can use and it does not take too much time to figure out how to print on them, so don't be scared.  2000 labels per package are just waiting for you!
As others have stated here, a label is a label is a label...right?  Not always.  There are many factors that I look at when buying labels, especially in quantity:1.  Price.  Big variances between 'generic' and 3M, Avery, etc.2.  Glue.  Good glue won't come through the label.3.  Adhesive Quality.  Labels shouldn't come off an envelope (which could result in a dead letter), and they shouldn't come off in the printer (which could result in the need for a new printer).4.  Ease of removing from sheet.  If they are not easy to remove, the label can be easily torn.  Sometimes I've had to use an X-acto knife to lift labels.Avery labels here are great value, and have the other characteristics of good labels.  Whenever I have a choice between an Avery label and another product (even at a much lower price) I buy the Avery.
Avery makes excellent labels that do what they claim. They're high-quality and stick to what you put them on -- in this case, packages or envelopes. I'm taking away one star because they're harder to use in the printer than they should be. It's always a trick figuring out which way to orient the sheet and get it set up to print properly. Granted, part of that is my own fault. But these should be easier to use. However, overall it's a fine product.
Though these labels are meant for laser printers, I was able to use them successfully with an inkjet printer. Just goes to prove the quality and flexibility of Avery brand labels! :)
After years of using an ink-jet printer, I finally bought an economical laser printer.  These laser labels are perfect for the kind of labels that I keep handy - a few dozen printed labels for each family member, and my own return labels.I had no problem running these through my Brother laser printer, using Word 2011 for Mac, template 5267.  Avery is always worth the extra money! Their quality is outstanding, and this product is no different.  The labels don't jam, they line up properly, and they peel easily.  In other words, they work well, and they don't annoy me when I go to use them, and that is something I look for in a product I pay a premium for.  Avery is my go-to for printer products -- worth the few extra cents (or even a dollar) because I know it will get the job done over the months the packet will be in my desk drawer.
The labels are fine - they peel and stick with ease. However, I wasted a few sheets because the print would not line up properly. The instructions say to use Avery template 5267 but this does not work. After some experimenting and waste of product, I found that 5167 works the best.
These are good, standard solid LASER labels from Avery - template suggestions are always on the package (so helpful) and I've used the 3M version, Avery version, and branded store versions (like Office Depot) - they all work well as address labels - if you are wondering how to choose, I'd make your decision based on price, and features such as the Easy Peel (which makes using a LOT of these go much faster - think Christmas card mailings, wedding/shower invitations, etc)...as well as other features like (is it for a LASER or INKJET) printer?  [this is for LASER printers]Is it the right adhesive (does it stick well enough to the type of envelopes or packages you are using)...I would recommend this product from Avery - price and a few other features will help you make a quick decision between this & other brands, but Avery has been making good labels for a long time, so I would choose Avery where I could - I like their continuous improvement process!  Great labels, good size (I like these smaller address labels for return address labels) - would recommend!
I tried the new Avery laser printer labels with the "Pop-up Edge" and found them easy to use.  The die-cut labels fed well through my HP laser printer, stuck well on envelopes and packages, and didn't smear.  These labels may also be written on by hand when called for which is a useful benefit.  The "Pop-up Edge" is a feature which allows you to fold the sheet so one edge lifts, making it easy to peel the label from the sheet.  The center "margin" has also been removed to facilitate easier removal compared to earlier products.  I found this "Pop-up" to be a double edged sword so to speak as once the labels are "popped-up," I found that they don't quite go back to flat.  The feature is good if you are printing a whole sheet but I sometimes print individual labels which means the popped label is a potential jam in the printer.I found that the Avery labels get the job done which earns them 4 stars.  Compared to the 3M labels however, the Avery labels are more expensive and I do not think the "Pop-up Edge" is as effective as 3M's "Quick Lift Design."
My HP 460 inkjet printer can print on these without any problems.  The pages feed into the printer smoothly and the ink doesn't smudge after printing.  Avery also provides plenty of software templates on their website for you to use.  Just go to [...] and search for 5163 (this information is on the label packaging too).  They provide many premade label designs in Word Doc format and blank templates for other applications like InDesign and Photoshop.  Also, the TrueBlock feature really does block out everything behind the label, which is great when you're reusing old boxes for shipping.  Overall, I'm very happy with these labels.
I have reviewed several label products in the past, and have always found Avery to create a quality product, which does everything it says it will do, and will make you look fabulous and resourceful in the office, which can't hurt at employee review time.  :-)  These labels are no exception.  They have permanent sticking power and are a strong enough white that nothing will show through the label.  This is important now that so many companies are trying to be green by recycling old shipping cartons. If your company doesn't do this yet, suggest that they do so.  It will save them money (green!) when they don't buy new shipping cartons and reduces the cost of waste removal (more green!).  AND, it keeps cartons out of landfills, which is the greenest part of the whole deal.Back to the labels.  A while back, I reviewed some labels that had Microsoft Word templates you could load onto a computer and design the labels of your dreams.  I commented that most companies have rules against anyone but the IT department loading software onto their computers, which made the software less than practical for the people who use these at work.  Avery has now solved this problem:  they still offer the Microsoft word uploads, but you can also go to their web site and design the labels of your dreams without putting anything on your work machine. I tried the Microsoft Word add-on software and was impressed by the results.My project was to pack up some old summer clothes in old copy paper boxes, labeling each box top and bottom so that they could be retrieved easily.  Copy paper boxes are printed with many dark colors and graphics, and if the label was going to have a show through problem, this was the time for it.  The no show through technology worked like a charm - nothing shows through onto the face of the label, and it's a cinch to find my "outgrown bathing suits - won't fit again in this lifetime."Why four stars instead of five?  Because they're labels, not a cure for cancer.  I like the labels, but it's not like we're going out or anything.  :-)
I send lots of gifts to my out-of-state grandchildren, and I love to reuse boxes I already have -- think of all the stuff Amazon sends you (what a perfect way to save a tree by recycling boxes)!One of the drawbacks of reusing boxes is that you will have to scribble out all the previous markings from the box.  Not so with these labels with TrueBlock Technology!  They have a gray coating on the back of each label, which efficiently hides even the darkest marks, even on white boxes.The only drawback is that the gray coating makes these labels "less sticky," making me wonder if they might peel off the package in transit.  To prevent this, I put clear tape on all sides of the label (just to be safe), and it's a small inconvenience, because I don't have to spend tons of time scribbling out all the markings when I send gifts to my grandchildren any more.One more benefit...  These don't "hang up" in my HP Photosmart inkjet printer, and (as long as I don't run a wet finger through the fresh ink) the ink doesn't smear.
I bought these labels for two reasons; one, to use as shipping labels; second, for labelling my DVD storage cases. The 2 x 4 inch size is large enough for the addresses or the movie/TV title, and they stick very well; the application is easy and fast.  The labels are bright white and well designed with a professional appearance. The labels have a grey blocking layer that covers any writing or printing underneath.I print the title of the movie or TV show and stick it to the cover of DVD storage cases. It is easy to print on these labels from my laser printer. They are of good quality and they are reasonably priced. I have rated these labels four stars for the design, quality and overall satisfaction.
These are good, standard solid INK JET labels from Avery - template suggestions are always on the package (so helpful) and I've used both the 3M version, Avery version, and branded store versions (like Office Depot) - they all work well as address labels - if you are wondering how to choose, I'd make your decision based on price, and features such as the TrueBlock Technology included on these (which makes using a a recycled box or envelope much easier - it's thicker and truly covers up the older used labels below!)...as well as other features like (is it for a LASER or INKJET - this is for INK JET printers - believe me, it does make a difference!  It affects the ink, smudging, smoothness, finish, etc.) printer?  Is it the right adhesive (does it stick well enough to the type of envelopes or packages you are using)...I would recommend this product from Avery - price and a few other features will help you make a quick decision between this & other brands, but Avery has been making good labels for a long time, so I would choose Avery where I could - I like their continuous improvement process and the way I can re-use old boxes for mailing with these!  I am a bigger fan of Laser printers than Ink Jet, but I have one of each, and these work great in the Ink Jet printer!
I know it's hard to get excited about mailing labels, particularly if you do not do any broadcast mailings.  But, these labels are easy to use with MS Word templates.  But unless you are going to have a printer that serves only as a label printer, if you have only one or two labels to print, you will save time by writing them by hand because there is some setup time.  As long as you have names and addresses stored in Word, and do not have to take time to add new addresses for a particular mailing, I think three labels is the point where you start saving time by printing them on your printer.There is really nothing special about the labels, the adhesive is good and evenand the paper is bright white.  I could have given these labels a 5 star rating but Amazon's description of 5 stars is "I Love It".  While I can think of no way to improve upon this product, I cannot save "I love it" with any sincerity, hence, the rating of 4 Stars.
This worked smoothly and seamlessly in my laser printer as well even though they are intended for inkjet. I find that Avery and 3M (same company) always make the best labels.
Do you ever get tired of writing out all the information onto an envelope?  Me too, so I decided to get with the 20th century (I know its now the 21st century) and print out labels.  It was so easy, that I started labeling everything from which tools should be in what drawer of the toolbox to what items are missing from the shelves at work for re-order.  This is great.  Wish I had done this sooner.  As for the brand of labels themselves, they seem to be very high quality but time will tell.
These are quality labels. Easy to print and mine did not smudge - when used with both a laser printer and also a deskjet printer.  They are the right size to use on either a legal or short envelope 1x 2 1/2 inches.Look on the Avery site for templates if your word processing application does not have this label size templated.the labels COULD be a little larger to be more readable on an envelope....hence the four stars.  However, these do the job and you get more per package.
This product works as advertised. Avery has been in the label business a long time, and knows how to specialize. They make affordable labels. The most difficult part for me in using labels made for a printer is setting up the program that has the addresses on them. Word makes this a little easier. Once this is accomplished, the labels can be put in the printer, printer settings changed to accept them, and you have printed address labels. Much quicker than doing this by hand, and they look so much better!
Avery is the standard for computer printed labels, and have been for years.  These laser labels print well, don't smear, and stick well to envelopes.Why did I give them a 4* review?  Because I think this new "Easy Peel" label is a solution looking for a problem.  I've labeled thousands of envelopes (I sell real estate and send out mailers on a regular basis), and I never had a problem with the old style label.These "Easy Peel" labels have a line where you fold the paper and the edge of the label sticks out making it easier to peel off.  When I tried this, the top labels stuck out fine, but the sheet didn't quite fold on the line so the bottom labels didn't stick out as well.  I'm not sure that taking the time to fold the sheet 3 times to peel off the labels actually saves any time.I haven't done a major mailer with these labels yet, but I think the regular Avery labels are just as good.
Avery makes some really great products.  It's certainly a name you can trust.  These labels work great for my needs.  I also love the available downloads from the Avery website.  I've had nothing but a pleasant experience with this item and getting the job done.The price seems to be pretty reasonable.  I would also like to add that the price on Amazon is, I think, a little bit cheaper than what I have paid in the past at a couple of different office supply stores (not to mention any names).
These labels are nice.  They remove from the backing very easily as promised.  I gave he product 4 stars because there are 750 in a package, so for business that might be fine, but personal use 750 labels will last a lifetime.  Avery does make a quality product that prints up very nicely in most printers.  I would recommend this product.
Side-by-side comparison:3M Address Labelsare just as good, and usually less expensive. Go for the better price.I've used Avery and 3M labels for years.The 3M have the same easy-peel layout, without the laughable salesmanship.The 3M package claims "Permanent Adhesive" and "Strong Stick." The Avery stick just as well, or almost as wellI find the 1" x 2-5/8" size is big enough if you use size 9 font (Arial). I get up to 38 characters per line x 5 lines.
I like to print address labels and these are wonderful.  They peel off easily but don't jam up the printer.  I highly recommend them for home offices and for people who need to print labels at home.
These are easy to use and I only had to use 2 sheets of plain paper to get them aligned. It works fine with my cannon printer but I prefer to put them in 1 at a time. I didn't have a problem with these but I one had a problem with the printer taking more than one sheet then it wanted to jam.I like the size they are big enough to clearly see the address but not too big to take up too much space.I several pages with return addresses and I will save some for addressing envelopes at Christmas time.
I have been using Avery mailing labels for quite a while. I was successfully printing addresses on Avery 8160 labels in both ink jet and laser printers, so I was puzzled when I found the Avery 5260 labels designed specifically for laser printers. The only difference I detected is the strip of label paper along the left edge of the page of labels. I suppose this helps prevent jamming in laser printers, but I never experienced jamming with the 8160 nor 5260 labels.I have switched to laser printing exclusively because the cost per page is so much lower with the lasers printers and the ink never smudges once it leaves the fuser.The bottom line on this is, I will probably continue buying the Avery 5260 labels.
Overall these are very good labels and my complaint doesn't really count since they directions say not to run the sheet of labels through the printer more then once, but I do.  With the easy peel labels the sheet tends to get stuck a little more in the printer then before, but it's not a ton.  And I reuse sheets because really, I'm not wasting a whole sheet for 2 or 3 addresses!  Besides that I've never had a problem with these labels smudging or not sticking, I've always been pleased with Avery labels.
I've been using the Avery products for years and this is just as good as most of their other products.  The thing to remember is to use the proper template and to run a trial through your printer first.  Sometimes your printer runs the pages through crooked and you don't want to waste the stickers if they are going to come out crooked.
I don't know how Avery continues to improve on products that seem to work so well, but they manage to find ways to tweak their labels to make them even easier to use.These labels work as promised - no jamming in my printer, the print is legible and clean, and the labels peel off like magic. I've used Avery products for years and I'm never disappointed. These labels are no exception. They zip out of my printer in a jiffy, and the labels are great to use on all sorts of packaging. I ship a lot of things in the craft bubble mailers, and these labels stick like a charm.
These meet my basic requirements extremely well:- They come off the printer cleanly, without jamming.- They don't smudge.- Peeling them off the backing is simple and clean.- And they adhere nicely to the envelope.They work great!
This is yet another great label product by Avery.  Of course it works with Avery's DesignPro template software.  I used these in a HP LaserJet printer and had no issues with smudging--all the print was clear.  The only thing I did not like was the pop-up edge for fast peeling.  It works great if you print a full sheet of labels each time, but occasionally I only need to print a few labels and when the sheet goes through the printer a few times it can start to separate easily.  Not a big deal, just something to be aware of if you only print a few labels at a time.  I would recommend these labels and I would buy them again!
I use labels on a regular basis, be it in the office or at home.  My number one brand of choice is always Avery.  Now Avery has enhanced the labels by making them smudge proof and easy to peel.  When ever I have a big job and have to peel over 100 labels...you better believe I want a label that can peel easily and quickly and this product delivers just what I want.  Some may think a label is just a label, but not so.  If you want the best of the best, buy Avery.
I do catalog mailings about once a month at work, we're a small company so I do the job from start to finish, stuffing and sealing envelopes, printing labels, attaching labels and running postage.The two things that take the longest in this process are stuffing the envelopes and peeling the labels to stick on the envelopes. This product doesn't solve both of these, but it sure takes care of one of them! These labels worked flawlessly in our printer, then just bend the backing and the edges of each label are there and ready to be peeled.Cut my labeling time nearly in half!I was a bit concerned that "easy peel" would mean "not sticky", but the labels adhered nicely to the envelopes, with no corner lifting at all.Great product!
These are good, standard solid labels from Avery - template suggestions are always on the package (so helpful) and I've used both the 3M version, Avery version, and branded store versions (like Office Depot) - they all work well as address labels - if you are wondering how to choose, I'd make your decision based on price, and features such as the Easy Peel (which makes using a LOT of these go much faster - think Christmas card mailings, wedding/shower invitations, etc)...as well as other features like (is it for a LASER or INKJET) printer?  Is it the right adhesive (does it stick well enough to the type of envelopes or packages you are using)...I would recommend this product from Avery - price and a few other features will help you make a quick decision between this & other brands, but Avery has been making good labels for a long time, so I would choose Avery where I could - I like their continuous improvement process!
These file labels are part of a growing list of innovative office products being introduced by Avery and they are really worth the extra cost.The labels are acid free and utilize "TrueBlock Technology" that allows you to place a label over an existing one on a file folder and there is no bleed through...the label absolutely covers everything under it. Like most other reviewers I tend to try to use and reuse file folders and have at one time or another resorted to writing over labels with magic markers or sharpies or sticking labels over others to the extent that the folder looks, well less than professional.While I do not use the labels in my printer these come with free software online and templates that are easy to use.An added bonus is the generous Box Tops for Education coupons on each package. Since we have teachers in the family and grandchildren in school we are aware of the amount of money your school can earn by saving these coupons. It is not the primary reason I like these labels but is a tipping point when considering buying something, all things being equal.These labels are amazing in that they actually do what the manafacturer says they will do...completely cover up old labels and writing and allows the reuse of file folders.Highly recommended.
While this is a good product I had problems downloading a template to print the labels and had to call Avery customer support. While I found customer support helpful I had to speak to two people because the first technical support agent did not think this product worked in a laser printer and he had to transfer me someone who confirmed it did.I first went to the Avery website and put in my product number which brought up a bunch of information and options. One download would have added an Avery icon to Word and as I understand it a toolbar as well. I did not want this.When I tried to call Avery to figure out how to download a template that did not automatically add a toolbar to my screen the person helping me showed me what to do. I was able to save a template to word that I can use without adding any sort of icon or toolbar. I asked about using the product in my laser printer only to be told it did not work in a laser printer contrary to the packaging. When I questioned this he transferred me to another agent who confirmed it did.One concern for those who do not have massive amounts of file folder labels to print is that you can only put the labels through a printer once. If you don't use all the labels the first time you have to hand write on the remaining ones.One good thing is that there are instructions on each sheet explaining how to use the labels. While the sheet directs you to the Avery website for more information, it also includes a toll free phone number for the Consumer Service Center and another for Avery Software Support. While it took two people to address my concerns the representatives were very professional.The labels are big enough to cover old labels and there is no problem writing on them. They work fine.  I have used a couple of sheets already.Overall this is a good product. I just wish the website was a bit more user friendly but there is customer support to help people like me who have trouble navigating the website.
The biggest plus for the Avery 8366 File Folder Labels is Avery's TrueBlock technology which layers a semi-opaque gray layer to the back of the label, allowing it to hide most anything you may put it on top of.  I know that for a lot of the labels I have I have to remove anything underneath as they'll show right through.  For this alone the Avery labels are great.Other than that, they're normal-looking labels that are sized to put on tab-type file folders. Unlike a different style of Avery label I reviewed earlier, Microsoft Word 2010 did not have a template for these.  Avery's web site has several options, including an 88MB program that runs independent of Word.  A smaller "helper" toolbar for Word doesn't support Word 2010.  At the basic level, a .doc file is provided which you can open in Word and fill it in, but this means you can't take advantage of automation features such as mail-merge, etc.  This is not a fault of the labels themselves, but if you're going to use these you might want to know.The instructions for the labels say to not reuse the sheet, though it seems to work anyway for at least a few passes.
Avery Labels have been a part of my mailings for various events for over two decades. But this is the first time I've ever used the clear versions and I have to say, this is a darn good product and I'd probably buy more.The labels do smudge rather easily and this might be difficult to see when the labels are still on the carrier sheet,  but you can see the smudges kind of easily after they are stuck down on your envelopes, so a bit of care and clean hands are needed when doing large mailings.The ink from my printer dried pretty quickly on these labels and it seemed more crisp (with no ink spread) than others I've used and they ran through my printer with zero problems.These labels peel fairly easily off the carrier sheet and the transparent label stock looks great on various kinds of envelopes, colors and textures which makes it seem like the label is made of the same material as your surface at first glance.As others here have written you can also use these for handwritten labeling as well as machine labeling and the quantity is enough for most basic mailings or labeling jobs. A great product, but a little pricey for those on a budget.
Being from Avery, these worked perfectly in Word's built-in template for the Avery 5160 label.  Alignment was consistent throughout the whole page.These labels should not really be labeled clear, though.  They are more of a matte transparent material, similar to tissue paper.  When placed on white envelopes, etc., they do disappear -- sort of like Scotch Magic tape.  If you were expecting some kind of clear plastic, though, these aren't it.The Easy Peel is a great feature to just remove a label or two without crinkling up the whole page which you know will lead to paper jams and/or smudges if you need to run it through the printer again.  It is also easy and a time-saver.  This is an excellent feature.Also, I ran a few labels twice through my Epson ink jet printer.  The ink appears to dry like on paper, and there was no smudging even when I tried with my finger.  I would also rank the adhesive above average stick.My only reason for 4 stars is that it is not really clear.  It is a matte light white transparent.  Depending on what you put it on (color/finish), you may get a different appearance.
I wanted these labels for an alternate use. I am getting married in October, and I thought rather than just tying a ribbon around them, I would make personalized labels for them. I figured address labels would be a good size, and when I saw the clear ones, I thought they look better than the solid white ones.I thought wrong. These did not work for my purpose AT ALL. The clear showed air pockets on the bubble containers, and (even after letting the labels dry overnight) when I tried to smooth them out, there was some smudging. Even the slightest bit of moisture smears the labels, which isn't really a good idea for something that is going to hold bubbles. (See my customer images.)However, much like that guy my Grandmother set me up with when I was in college, this stuff is great on paper. I guess I can't fault it for not working on an item that is not its intended use.Luckily, I also ordered theAvery Easy Peel 1 x 2 5/8 Inch Clear Address Labels, and those worked perfectly.
What's good and new:1) These labels are as close to being completely invisible as possible in a label.  They are matte-satin finished and print out beautifully on both inkjet and laser printers.  The copier and writing in ballpoint pen works well too.2) Avery Label templates are already in many common off-the-shelf word processing softwares.  If your company has its own specialized word processor, the Avery template can be downloaded from their website and easily adapted to run on it.  Label measurements are also easily found if a new template needs to be created from scratch.3) The templates are easy to use and understand.4) The instructions in the package itself are clear and easy to understand and markings help the correct insertion of the label page into the printer/copier.5) Ink dries quickly.and the best new feature?6) The easy tear feature which allows a) half-sheet printing and b) easy label removal from the sheet.  As warmth from a printer or copier heat up the glue on the labels, a sheet can only be run a certain number of times before there are runner marks on the label and the adhesive starts to denature from heat, affecting stickiness and colour (yellowing).  Half-sheet printing enables maximum use of the labels as well as making them easier to peel off the sheet.
I've been using Avery labels for years, primarily to make my own return address labels and as someone that sends out a lot of SASE, it saves a lot of time. Avery's Easy Peel makes their address labels that much easier to use. I use Microsoft Word to print labels. Word has templates for labels, so once you find 8660, enter your text and hit print. The clear address label does go on completely clear, which would especially be useful when using high quality paper, such as sending out wedding invitations.
These labels work well with my 5 year old HP inkjet printer and dry time is fast.  The clear labels allow you to use non-white envelopes with a very professional look.  (offwhite)
Overall, I'm very satisfied with these.  I originally had thought I'd use them for individual labeling of mail, however, my software doesn't allow for single print of labels.  So, I initially wasted an entire sheet when the address printed on all the labels.So, I've gone to using them for my return labels.  I use a Canon M83 color printer and they come out just fine.  I will say that "virtually disappear" is a pretty big stretch...to me the labels are still very visible even though they are clear.
I received these labels and the first thing I did was print out a page of address labels with my own information on them to test the quality. The printer was able to feed the label paper through the printer with no issues. Printing in economy wasn't the best idea as it was faint. I reprinted the labels using standard ink quality and everything came out perfect. Text was centered on the labels as it should be, no jams, no label's peeling off in the printer. These work well.I actually used another version of this label a few years back on my wedding invitations to create custom return address labels and saved a ton of money over ordering custom labels from some company. These labels match the quality and I could easily recommend using these for anything from mailing bills to mailing wedding invitations, they do a great job and the quality of the label is really good.
These labels worked out very well.  We used them for address and return address labels.  I tried both color and black writing.  They came out of the printer clear and did not smudge.  They stick easily and are nice and clear, making them appropriate for any color envelope.  Easy to peel off of the backing.  I would reccomend these labels for any label uses.
I would give these a 4.5 rating if I could.  The lost half point is because I too often think that I printed out my labels wrong because of the little extra bit provided to make the peel off easier.  This part stays behind on the sheet.  Unless I look real close, I can't tell if I printed the labels right or not.  If I used these all the time, I'm sure this would stop being an issue, as I would adjust to it.Aside from the little side thing, these labels are great!  Easy to use, look amazing & professional thanks to being clear.  They stick really good.  They do exactly what they are supposed to do.Recommended!
I use several types of labels when mailing, shipping or just labeling items. These I use for printing out mailing labels, labeling household items and as easy to write on folder labels. They leave a neater appearance than colored labels. I don't find that I crinkle the remaining labels on the page like others have commented on. They have a nice look and the ink does not smudge when I put the printed labels on anything. The labels do the job that they were intended to do. They are also good for using to tape things that might require a stronger connection than regular tape can give and they release easier than tape because of their thickness.
I received this product through the Amazon Vine program.  As with all Avery Products, an easy to use template is available on their website for using their products.  Since I use Office Products, I used the Word template.I found the template to be easy to use and was able to export my mailing list so that I could print my labels with no issue.  The nice part about these labels is that they essentially disappear onto the envelope that you are using so only the printing really shows up.  This makes it look as if you had inserted the envelope into a typewritter (anyone out there besides me remember those?) and printed out the address.The only caution I have has to do with inkjet printers in general and that is to be careful about getting your label wet as the print will run.  My early solution to this problem was to put a piece of clear shipping tape over the label.  My current method of dealing with this is to use a Kodak Printer as their ink will not run or smear when it gets wet.I gave this product a 4 star instead of 5 star as I still find the labels difficult to remove from the sheet if you only print one or two labels.  While bending the page works to release a label, it also generally loosens the adjoining label.  Also, you need to be careful how far you bend the sheet if you are planning to re-insert the sheet to print more labels out at a later date.I would definately recommend these labels if you are looking for a professional looking address label.
The following is my fianc&eacute;e's review of the labels.My fianc&eacute; and I used these labels for our Save the Date postcards for our wedding.  We put all of the addresses in Excel and we were able to easily transfer it to Word for the template for the labels.  It was fairly easy to figure out the template for the labels.  When they printed out, they looked really good.  There was a small problem with some of the labels - they printed out off center.  I'm not sure if this is because of the template or because of the printer.  I simply moved them over in the document and they printed out okay.  About three out of 100 labels were messed up.  I recommend these labels.  I'm happy that we chose these labels for our Save the Dates.  When I put them on the postcards, they looked really good =)
These print very crisply on my laser (I realize this is supposed to be for inkjet).  The claim that these are invisible is not true...  You can see it.. and on white paper, it looks like a white label.  But I think it would be impossible for it to be invisible as claimed.  Otherwise, it is excellent.  High quality
I use this size label not only for addressees, but also to print my own return address labels. Being a pen pal, I've seen plenty of professionally-printed clear address labels. On those, the ink sits on top of glossy, clear "paper" and scuffs right off during shipping. Those address labels are almost always illegible by the time they get to me. And what's the point of an address label if the address chips right off?These labels are different, though, because they're textured and have more of a matte finish. While they aren't completely "invisible" and can still be seen when put on an envelope, they give a nice, professional look that white labels don't necessarily give. It also is surprising that an InkJet printer has the ability to do this type of printing and not smear off. (Note: These aren't colorfast, however. If they get wet, the ink can smear off.)As a handy feature for removal, the backing paper can be bent, exposing just one narrow edge on the right side of each label.The only real problem I have is that my printer isn't always reliable in "seizing" this type of paper, sometimes ending up in a wasted sheet. That's more of a potential issue with certain printers, though.
Avery Easy Peel 1 x 2 5/8 Clear label gives any envelope a professional look.  It is of the standard address size, but can be used to label items such as dvds, boxes, etc.  I prefer the clear labels to others, as they give a neat effect on birthday card envelopes.  I actually use the clear shipping ones for this purpose.  My word processsor, which is Word Perfect, includes a template for this label. Avery makes quality labels, and you can't go wrong with these.
This tape does nearly disappear on gift wrap and does hold very securely -- almost too securely; while wrapping Christmas gifts, I realized how dependent I was on being able to carefully peel back a bit of tape and reposition it when necessary.  That can't be done with this tape; once it's stuck, it's stuck.The one thing I didn't like about the tape is that it was somewhat hard to tear off the roll.  This isn't a big deal; it's not like trying to tear, say, adhesive tape, but it often took a couple stabs before the edge of the tape hit the cutter edge just right so the piece of tape would tear off.  This fumbling occasionally caused the tape to reel out too far, or to contact the gift wrap before the tape was torn off the roll (picture holding down gift wrap and tape roll with one hand, pulling tape and tearing with the other), and of course once it encountered the gift wrap, too bad if it wasn't in the right spot.  No peeling it off.If this product and the old standby, Scotch Magic Tape, were available at the same price, I would probably buy this one for gift wrapping since the matte finish and secure sticking were nice on the gifts.  However, if it was priced higher, I'd probably stick with Magic Tape, since it disappears and sticks nearly as well, and it doesn't have the tough-to-tear issues.
The satin finish is supposed to make this more invisible than regular "Magic" tape when used on gift wrap.  To my eyes, there is almost no difference.  So the only reason to get this is if the price is better than regular "Magic" tape.  As I write this review, it is!To be clear, there's nothing WRONG with this tape.  It works just as well as regular "Magic" tape.  It's very hard to see when applied.  And, I assume, it'll have the same remarkable durability as regular "Magic" tape.  It's just that it's special feature (satin finish, more invisible on gift wrap) doesn't work.
I was skeptical that I would see a difference with this tape compared to regular Scotch tape, so I wrapped two presents: one in regular Scotch tape and one in this Scotch Gift Wrap Tape.The first difference is that the Gift Wrap Tape seems to be slightly more heavy duty. After wrapping, it is also clear that the gift wrap tape was less cloudy and did indeed look better than the present wrapped in regular tape. I wouldn't say that the difference was dramatic, but it was enough.So overall, as long as there is not much of a price difference I would definitely say go with the Gift Wrap Tape in situations where you want whatever you are taping to look nice.
Maybe I'm taking advantage of the vine here, but this comes just in time for the holiday wrapping season.  I like the strips I reviewed ealier, but these are just as good when I'm in the thick of the package wrapping experience.  They are right, I can step back a few feet and I cannot see the tape on the paper when it turns invisible on contact.  The 3/4 inch size is just right for packages, the half inch stuff is too skinny and too easy to tangle when pulling loner strands off the rolls.Tape like this can be taken for granted unless you have some of the old dimestore stuff around and try and use it.  Hard to get off the roll, breaks easy, gets yellow all problems not happening with this cheap stuff.  Why doesn't it get five stars, well one can say this is a five star product, but they've not done much inovation in the last several years.  Can they inovate, I don't know, maybe it's too perfect now, but sooner or later everything gets better, and I challenge 3M to improve this.
I wrap a lot of gifts at the holiday season.  I am more into wrapping with wrapping patterned paper than the expensive option of gift bags.  So I tend to be very picky when it comes to my paper and tape.  I love this tape, I've been buying it for a few years.  It is actually a little bit more shiny than the regular Scotch tape, but blends into wrapping paper better than regular Scotch tape.  I used to use the double stick tape, but that was getting too expensive, especially with the kids just ripping off the paper quicker than you can say "boo".  I am the one who cares so much about how the finished gift wrapping looks, yes I admit that.  But when giving a gift to someone other than my own family, looks do mean a lot.  I spent a lot of time deciding what to give this person, so when I wrap it, I want it to look like I care.  So I use this tape.I like to think that fingerprints don't seem to show as easily as regular Scotch tape, but that may just be wishful thinking.  It seems that with this Gift Wrap tape, the actual adhesive on the film is more microscopic so you can't see the texture like you do with regular Scotch tape.As far as the 3 roll thing, I much prefer to buy a regular roll and put it into a dispenser.  The flimsy dispenser that the rolls come in in the 3 roll pack are very basic.  The length of tape you get with the 3 roll pack is a lot shorter than a single roll, so if you have many gifts to wrap, then consider buying more of the single rolls.  Another reason you might like the single roll is because the serrated edge for the tape cutter is much more crude than a heavy desktop tape dispenser or even a regular plastic dispenser.  I prefer the weight of the desktop tape dispenser when wrapping a lot of gifts.  Its a bit easier to tear off the tape with that weight in it, and it's more of a one handed job than a two handed job.
Scotch continues their tradition of top quality products withScotch Gift Wrap Tape, 3/4 inch, 3 rolls. With its semigloss (or satin as they call it) finish, the tape looks very nice on gifts and it's hardly noticeable. While it might not actually disappear on the paper, I doubt many people pay much attention to the tape when they're busy tearing open gifts. The tape adheres well and does everything you could rationally ask of it. However, my one problem is the amount of tape on the dispenser, which is rather measly in comparison to a regular roll of Scotch tape. I'd rather get more tape, even if it means paying more, so that there is a reasonable amount on the roll, and there would be far less waste. Altogether, the tape is nice and the price seems fair.
The tape - at first I wondered: "How can this be different?". The answer is rather subtle ... the tape has a strong backing with a semi-gloss (satin if you will) finish. For a "tape collector" I guess it is slightly between "magic" and clear tape.* Not a big deal to me and most people, but hey different strokes for different folks.Also it is considered "photo safe" I guess that means it won't yellow over time like tape from the 70s does/has.
This new gift wrapping tape and the Scotch brand magic transparent tape I have been using for years are very similar. The old tape is translucent with a foggy finish. The new tape is slightly clearer and more glossy. It doesn't accept ink or pencil marks so easily, but you can write on it with a Sharpie.Overall, the old tape is more useful.
This special tape is perfect for holiday wrapping chores. It adheres well, is less likely than many to tangle, and has a nice finish that disappears on the paper once it's been applied. I've too often bought bargain-brand tape for the holidays, and it is just not worth it. The difficulties using those flimsy tape dispensers and lousy cutters, not to mention the tendency to curl up and tangle, make wrapping a chore. Well, this tape doesn't make wrapping a pleasure, but it does make it easy and quick, with a lovely professional appearance.
Last year when I ran into a gift wrapping crisis (ran out of tape at night while the kids were in bed and my husband was on a business trip) I called a neighbor and asked if she had tape I could borrow.  She showed up at my door with a three pack of Scotch Gift Wrap tape.  While it wasn't my preferred tape [I like the Magic Scotch tape] it was tape and it allowed me to get the job done.I like this gift wrap tape, but I don't love it.  One gripe I have with this tape is it's tougher than the magic tape.  Because it's sturdier, it's not as easy to rip it off the dispenser.  Numerous times I have gone to cut off a piece of this tape and it has bunched up on me.  I never have that problem with the magic tape.  This tape seems to be more adhesive than the magic tape as well.  Once you put this on the gift wrap you aren't getting it off without damaging the paper unless you're using the fancier foil wraps.  This feature is nice if you're trying to discourage peekers, but it's not so great if you're like me and you forgot what was in a particular unmarked package.I do like how nicely this tape disappears when it's placed on gift wrap.  The satin finish allows it to nicely blend in on the paper and doesn't stand out like the glossy or the invisible tapes (my experience with the invisible tapes is you wind up with a matte spot that stands out on a satin finish).
Like Kleenex, Zippers and Google, this is a product that's so good at what it does we pretty much refer to ALL similar items by its name: Scotch tape.Unlike other brands, however, this is a strong tape with a nice, satin finish that disappears against matte wrapping papers.  You don't even have to rub it like crazy with the back of your fingernail to make it invisible, like some inferior brands. If you're using a shiny foil paper you'll want to stick with a tape that has a similar, shiny finish. (Pardon the pun.)
I used this tape, which has more of a sheen than regular "invisible" tape, on several different kinds of gift wrap. It definitely blends better with papers with a slight gloss to them since it has a similar texture. On matte-surfaced papers like tissue wrap, craft paper, and "natural" papers, the slight sheen of the tape makes it show up more. For those who like their wrappings to be really fancy, this tape is a nice addition to wrapping supplies. It would also work well on any project with paper that has a slight gloss to it.
I know, I know, terrible sense of humor.  This tape, however, works exactly as you'd expect, and even a little better.  It disappears on gift wrap paper that doesn't have a super glossy finish.  Almost every gift wrap that you'll find in stores will have a finish that works well with Scotch Gift Wrap Tape.The convenient three pack has plenty of tape for a pampered child's birthday or for three of Santa's elves to wrap a reindeer load of gifts. (Seriously, 25 yds. of tape is a whole lot of tape)For those of you traveling this holiday season with a small child who must be quiet, I offer one other use for this tape.  Give your little kid a roll of tape and let him/her play with it.  They'll have strips of tape going all over the airplane seat and the tiny amount of space alotted to a passenger.  When the plane lands, and Junior has finished with his tape, just roll it up into a ball and toss it into the closest trash container.  I can't guarantee that this will work for everyone, but it kept my 2 year old quiet in her car seat during a 9 hour flight to Europe.  She played with the tape until she tired of it, then fell asleep as I removed the played-with tape.
Scotch gift wrap tape is my new preferred tape for wrapping gifts (have to get started on that early so that it doesn't put me in the poor house). For years I saw this on shelves and scoffed, thanks to the fact that it was more expensive, but after actually using the stuff, I can almost see why it costs more. It is much less noticeable than the invisible (matte and not entirely transparent) and transparent (see-through, but very glossy) tapes that I've used for year. You can still tell it's there, but you have to look a bit harder for it instead of it being a noticeable eyesore (either because of glare from the transparent tape or the obvious washed-out and discolored effect of the invisible). Other than that, it's still basically just tape, but it gets the job done and won't get in the way of your wrapping paper.If there's one complaint, and I only have this one, it's that there really isn't very much of it on a roll. I've bought plenty of tape before during the holiday season, and I don't think I've ever had a roll run out so fast. The single roll of the gift wrap tape apparently has much more on it that the three rolls here do combined. That's some pretty wasteful packaging 3M (how very not "green" of you), so it costs you a star.
I hope you're not looking for a multi-thousand-word review on this one.  :-)  It's tape, after all.  But this brand has worked well on everything I've thrown at it.  It sticks wrapping paper well, essentially disappearing into the paper once stuck.  But it also sticks stuff to walls well, and in my experience doesn't bring up the paint or leave behind a stick residue when you pull it off.  Good produce that does EXACTLY what it's meant to do!
First off-- for gift wrapping and taping things where you want the tape to disappear, this is the right product for you.  On that, 5 stars.  On the amount of tape the comes on the rolls each-- a 3 star.  It's a better deal and more than the standard "green" Scotch tape 3 pack, and the price is lower, but still, you'll be shocked at how little tape is on these rolls. If you need multiple dispensers and don't use it much, this is a decent purchase.  If you don't need tape at multiple locations, I wouldn't choose this over a single roll with much more on a single roll, less packaging, etc.
This is a continuous roll of very thin plastic, and one side of it is tacky (sticky).  The roll is housed in a hard plastic container, which has a serrated cutting device at one end.  What you do is pull on the strip of thin plastic, and when a sufficient amount has been exposed, you sever the plastic strip from the rest of the roll by using the aforementioned serrated cutting device.  I know it sounds confusing, but once you do it 3 or 4 times, you'll get the hang of it.  Truly remarkable new invention.
What can I say? Excellent tape, almost invisible.  Dispenser works well.  Nothing new, no surprises.
There might be some who would claim that any old tape will do.  However, when it comes to wrapping, it's worth the extra few cents and time to make sure you have Scotch Gift Wrap Tape.When you care enough to purchase a gift, find a box, the perfect wrap and bow, you do not want a little thing distracting from your hard work and thoughtfulness.  It could be easy to overlook, but traditional Scotch Tape for office use, when used on gift wrap, stands out and not in a good way.Gift Wrap tape from Scotch is different.  When applied and pushed down firmly, the tape blends into the wrap dramatically better.  It's truly a night and day difference.  Some might argue one can press the professional wrapping look even more by using double stick tape, to completely hide any sign of tape.  However, this is not always particle, nor easy, and even more difficult to find available.Scotch is great with the packaging too.  The tape cuts easy with the built in dispenser, unlike some of the bargain basement generic brands, which simply stretch as you try to cut a piece of the tape.Overall, Scotch offers that little something extra you need when wrapping gifts, Scotch Gift Wrap Tape.  Indeed, I simply make it my primary office tape, so that I always have it on hand.  After all, it works great for your generic office needs too.  A quality product.
The Scotch company has become so well associated with cellophane tape that it's hard not to use the term "Scotch tape" to refer to cellophane tape in general. This gift wrap tape is similar to their standard satin finished tape and is designed to blend into the wrapping paper. It does so quite well and looks good on a variety of surfaces. It will not disappear completely on all surfaces, and on some surfaces it can show tiny pore marks depending on the quality of the paper, but if you smooth things down enough, it should not be a problem. In any event, it works as well or better than other tapes on the market.A problem I have with gift wrap tape is that I will inevitably get a piece of tape with a wrinkle in it because I positioned it wrong. An ideal tape would be re-positionable, and Scotch never makes that claim for this product. Nevertheless, I was able to reposition it when used on glossy finished printed boxes as well as on higher quality wrapping paper. I was pleasantly surprised, but it still took the ink off an envelope and left it with a rough surface when I tried to pull it off carefully.Although it is not the pinnacle of what I would wish for in a gift wrap tape, it's the best choice on the market for the purpose. If you already have an ample supply of Scotch satin finish general purpose tape, I see no reason for you to get this product instead. If you do get this product, there will be no problem using it as a general purpose tape if you don't want to save it for future wrapping needs. The rolls of tape do not contain an incredible amount, and the tape could have fit in two cases or one larger case instead of three. Yet it may still be an ample supply for a holiday season depending on your needs.If you don't already have an ample supply of Scotch satin tape, this product is a good choice. But there is not enough of an advantage that you should rule out the other Scotch tape if you get a good price. But don't skimp on an off brand shiny tape.  Considering the few inches you use per package, it's worth the money to get the right tape for the job.
I can't believe I already need to start thinking about back-to-school supplies.... A 200 pack of wide ruled paper is always somewhere on that list.  And, since Mead has some of the best, most reliable products on the market, I'm glad I could start here.
I used to only buy Mead paper when I was in high school and college, there was no doubt that it was a thicker paper than most others. These days I really don't see much of a difference between Mead and generic store brands other than the price. This paper will definitely do the job you need it to do but so will some other cheaper brands (currently it is $2.99 on Amazon).
This is good, basic school paper. It is perhaps not the thickest paper out there so if you are looking for something thicker, you might need to look elsewhere. Still it is fairly standard paper. The price seems to change quite often for the product, ranging from a great to poor price to definitely keep an eye on that. I am sending this paper with my daughter for her school.
I've been using Mead lined paper all my life.  Unless the lines are off, this is a reliable product.  The paper is the perfect size for binders and manila envelopes.The Amazon price is a bit steep, as I can get paper cheaper at big box stores in town.  Keep this paper in a dry area, as the lines can run if the paper gets wet.
This Mead Filler Paper is fairly standard, if just a little thinner than higher quality notebook paper. This is a decent deal as an add on product with free shipping.Recommended for casual writing needs.CFH
At the current price the paper is a good value.  The paper might be a little thin but the printed lines were great, not to overpowering and no misses.  More suited for pencils.  Recommended.
I have been using Mead paper since I was a little boy and it has always done a great job. I just got a bunch of file folders that need paper so this came just at the right time. Perfectly ruled sheets that are waiting for my chicken scratch.Great price too. Thanks Mead for all of the years of great paper products!
I have read innumerable hardback novels since I was a child.  Over the years, I&#8217;ve noticed that the pages have become much thinner, almost as thin as newspaper.  I recently took some of my old hardback novels, published from the 1970&#8217;s, out of storage and performed a comparison; the pages of my old novels have yellowed but they are twice as thick as recently published hardback novels.Therefore, I wasn&#8217;t too surprised when I unwrapped the package of 200 sheets of Mead Wide Ruled Filler Paper and discovered that the sheets were thin.  The sheets were not as thin as newspaper, but they were noticeably thinner than when I was a high school student over thirty years ago.  It&#8217;s a sign of our hard economic times.  Everything is getting thinner but me.All 200 sheets have been punched correctly and they fit well inside a one-inch notebook.  The lines are wide and dark enough for me to see on both sides of each sheet.  Most importantly, I am able to write on the sheets.  I wrote notes while reading a novel for the purpose of creating a book review.  Normally, I only order inexpensive office supplies from Amazon when I need to add something to my cart for the sole purpose of exceeding $35.00 and earning free shipping.Joseph B. Hoyos
This notebook paper isn't the best that I've used. It's still pretty nice though. It's a little on the thin side but It fits nicely in a binder. The only advantage I can think of for this thin paper is that your notebook won't be so heavy! I also wondered if the thickness of the paper meant that ink would go right though. I checked that with my runniest pen, which is a Pentel gel pen and am glad to say that the ink does not bleed through. The wide ruled paper is perfect for some children that write bigger. Other than that, the paper has no other flaws and works nicely as notebook paper.
This is a basic pack of loose-leaf paper, nothing in it to overly wow or overly disappoint.  Our paper has all the holes, margins, and lines in the appropriate places, and the lines were dark enough to be visible.  (We&#8217;ve purchased cheaper paper where the lines were almost too faint to see.)  However, if you have a younger writer or someone who puts a lot of pressure on their pen/pencil while writing, this paper may be a bit on the thin side.
This is good paper and the price is very reasonable.  Since I homeschool 2 elementary children, I needed the wide-ruled.My only complaint would be that I can't get a package that's a ream and I really prefer 8 1/2 x 11 (but can't find that anywhere so it's not an Amazon issue).
It seems like paper is always in short supply around here. We need a quality paper and this seems to do the trick.This paper is thick enough and smooth so writing on it is effortless.  On a side note it also makes excellent paper planes. Decent paper at a decent price. Recommended!
We buy a lot of paper each year.  Mead provides a good basic (cheap) paper that will no doubt meet the needs of most students. However, I find the paper to be thinner than expected which may be an issue for those who exert significant pressure when they write or those who rely on their trusty eraser to get them through the day. It's OK - nothing great - a good utilitarian option but for wide-ruled paper (for younger students) I think it really shouldn't be quite so thin.Pricing Note (not part of the review):The price as I write this review is $1.33 for 200 sheets of wide-ruled filler paper. That is the delivered price if you are an Amazon Prime member or combine with other products to get Super Saver Shipping. If the price is higher as you read this review you may want to consider coming back at the start of the next school season and stocking when they are on sale.
There aren't many criteria upon which to rate ruled filler paper, but value can be assessed based on paper thickness and price. Though I know Mead as a brand name, and expected a higher price, this is actually one of the more economical packages of filler paper on the market. I compared it to several packages at Walmart and it is significantly cheaper per page than many and only slightly more expensive than a no-name brand.I flipped through the package to check the paper because some reviewers seem to have gotten bad batches with misaligned printing, cut pages, or other problems. All of the pages in mine were the same - the lines were properly printed and no pages were damaged except the very top one which took a hit (an indentation) from being sent in a padded mailer. Other than that, all of the sheets were fine.The paper is quite thin, though not so thin as to make it too translucent. It is exactly like I remember binder filler paper being when I was in high school (a very, very long time ago). You can see the shadow of darker writing behind it, but it's not too heavy. If you want paper that will last, then you may want to shop for something thicker. If you're just looking to fill your kid's notebook or something which you will use and eventually discard, this is pretty much what you want. It has the exact feel of the stuff I remember crumpling up and tossing across the room with the hopes of hitting a trash can (and usually missing).
The quality of the appear is thin...but for scribbling notes and jotting down pointers..it is great.  We tried it as a print paper for your printer of those odd jobs where we are not seeking flashy jobs like a recipe page, or a music score for practice..it worked without being stuck in the printer.Not bad for value.
I think it's a little pricey for 200 sheets, but then again with Prime that includes "free" shipping.  We use a ton of paper at our tutoring center, and I prefer the wide ruled for my students, especially the ones in elementary school.  The wide ruled lines give the young writers more room to express themselves in words and numbers.  For math activities I'll sometimes turn the paper horizontal with the lines running up and down. This can help students visualize columns and be better able to list numbers one below the other.These sheets of paper have red margins on both sides for convenience of application. For those who look for it, the Mead filler paper has the  certified sourcing imprimatur.
This is traditional wide-ruled, three-hole paper. Exactly the quality you expect from Mead--decent thickness with clear, crisp lines and edges--and ideal for grade-school to middle-school writers. If wide-ruled notebook paper is what you, or your child, needs, this is as good as, or better than, any other option. With one caveat ... It's the kind of thing best bought on sale, because off-season or single pack purchase can be absurdly pricey: 4 to 5 times the price of the same goods at better times (like back to school events).
This is a pack of standard, wide ruled writing paper that is 3 hole punched.  There are 200 pages per package.  We've had no problems writing on this paper and putting it into a 3 ring binder.The pages themselves are well made, but might be a bit thinner than other standard papers.  We have not experienced any problems with the paper yet, and we are a family of 2 adults, a 4 year old learning to draw and write basic letters, and a 7 year old doing basic sentences.
This product works exactly as you'd expect it to, it holds your books up with no fuss. The setup was pretty simply despite the truly atrocious instructions (the pictures don't even make any sense) and it seems sturdy enough to last many years.If someone gave me this product for $15, even $20, I would be impressed and recommend it to everyone I know. But the asking price here (the MSRP is over a hundred bucks!!!) is just out of control. It's so ridiculous that I found myself searching for some hidden feature (built-in LED lights, diamond encrusted accessories) that could possibly make it worth that much.Long story short: Great product, but you'd have to be out of your mind to pay this much for plastic.
Overall, I believe this copy holder to be a good product.Pros*Good looking (although it will most likely be hidden behind copy or a book*Holds books flat (due to elastic band, and bottom lip)*wide enough for to hold two 8 1/2 x 11's*very sturdy (due to the heavy base)Cons*Seems the clear plastic could break (also due to the heavy base)*adjusting the angle is not as easy/accurate as it should beAlso of note: this won't work well as a cookbook holder because there is no splash guard for the books
This was very easy to set up though it was one of those rare occasions when the pictures were not very useful at all.  Basically you just need to open the dials on the base parts so you can fit the clear plastic part in.  It is easier if you figure out the approximate tilt and height you will need for the clear plastic part that supports your written materials before you tighten up the sides but it is fairly amenable to change.  If you are even a little fanatical about all things being exactly even, it will cause you to get out a spirit level because otherwise you will fuss at it for awhile.I work from home and use a variety of research books, some of which are quite large well over the 300 page limit of this page holder; however, if the book fits in the bottom lip, the holder will support it.  I have a roll top desk so by using a variety of heights and drawers, I am able to keep three laptops working at the same time, as well as having four to five research books open.  This opened a whole new level for me in a space that was largely wasted.I really liked the way I was able to get this to drop an open book at sight level between the top shelf and the desktop surface of my desk.  It created a level 1  which is incredibly useful.This is also sturdy.  I have several bookholders, one even fashioned by a metal working friend who noticed that I needed something sturdier for some of my books while she was in my office.  The only advantage over those are that I am able to use clips to hold books open as well as magnets to keep notes in place.  The base on this is able to keep the entire unit as stable as the metal book holders but obviously not hold notes with magnets.  Not a serious problem although I expect I will be using clips on it shortly enough.There are two flaws that bother me. The clear plastic itself: it's like waiting for a ding on a new car.  You want to get it over with so you can go back to being free and easy.  Yes, I'm still waiting for the first scratch so I don't have to be careful anymore.  Understandably this is a strength and a flaw.  The other is that even when I am using books under 300 pages, one side of the base pieces sometimes tilts.  If it comes down, everything on my desk comes down with it.  If the bases were a little heavier, that would make it an even better product.
PROSSturdy and somewhat heavy weight.It's going to hold open most books. Which is what you want.Doesn't cover the bottom of book like some book holders. Only a thing band hides the text.Quality materials.Sits comfortably at desk and holds the book where you can read it.CONSIt's definitely big and a bit deep, so get out a measuring tape and visualize the dimensions on your desk. It needs to be as wide as most hardcover textbook/cookbooks. Unlike some book holders, there is no book overhang over the edge, due to the design.The bottom hinges are a little weak. Like it can too easily fold in on itself. But it hasn't been a problem and can be fixed each time.I wish it DID fold up easily and was more easily adjustable.I wish it had an extra band in case this one gets broken or lost.
3M has long been known for their series of office products from the postit note to gizmos like this.  The copyholder allows you to place a reference book, printout, or other material for use in writing a thesis, etc.  The bar allows you to hold your place while working on your computer.The heft and weight of the aparatus is sufficient to hold heavy books or large printouts without tipping over or loosing your place.Years ago, prior to the advent of the xerox machine, a copyholder was an essential desktop aparatus since administrative staff used typewriters and carbon paper to reproduce the original document placed in the copyholder.  Today we write documents on computers and include captions from books.  Another useful feature is organization - all paper documents (statements, bills, etc) can be stacked in the copyholder to pay bills using online banking.  This version can also hold electronic devices next to your pc (Ipad, etc) for easy transfer of data between your ipod and your pc.while not cheap, the 3M version is well built and will last a long time
This thing is HUGE.  You can keep two sheets of paper next to each other and consult both. You can't keep it under the monitor unless your monitor is really high up, and keeping the monitor that high would be really uncomfortable for most people.  Measure that you have the space for it, and are willing to give up that much desk real estate. If so, and if you want that size, it's very nice.The lean is adjustable to any angle you want.  The ledge is enormous. I think the 300 sheet capacity is a little underestimated.  You could push it to hold more than that. It will hold a huge cookbook open to your page.  It'll hold an unabridged dictionary. I put my Kindle DX on it, and it sits there nicely so I can knit and read at the same time.It's strong. It has a cord to hold the papers even if you've got a fan going nearby.  It's perfect, if you need something that big.The main reason it gets four starts not five is that it comes disassembled for no obvious reason, and the instructions are poor, so it's a pain to assemble.  When I assembled it, it fit in the box anyway, so there was no reason not to ship it in one piece.  The cord comes in a bag that's inside a bigger bag.Overall, it's fabulous for the kind of workspace that can support a supersized document holder, and excessive for a more modest sized desk.
I rate this as a very useful concept but somewhat poor design.  The legs are too week and they wobble when you move the item as a whole. Also occasionally, the weight of the book at a certain angle causes the unit to slowly collapse and late flat.  As long as you dont overdue the weight of the book and the angle, this is a very nice holder.
I wasn't sure how excited you could get about a "copy holder", but I had a chance to try it out so I took it. Let me tell you. This thing works great for 2 things.1. Holding cookbooks in the kitchen, did an amazing job holding the cookbook at the right angle to see the recipes.2. Holding an iPad!I actually used this copy holder once in the kitchen, it worked well and perhaps it will make a trip back to the kitchen sometime soon. But I now use this mainly in my spare room which I turned into a little exercise room. I have a bike and elliptical machine and never really had a way to stand my iPad up good so I could watch podcasts or movies while working out. This thing fits perfectly on a TV tray or tabletop and holds the iPad perfectly. I know it wasn't designed for this, but it works great!Overall I'm really happy with this. I'm not so sure about the construction of it, I think they could have designed it better, but once you assemble it the stand is pretty sturdy and I have no fears about using it. I'm glad I got this as it's proven to be very useful for me.
This is a hefty piece of equipment that will take up some prime real estate on your desk, but it works great to hold those books in place while you're working!It took less than five minutes to assemble it, and is easy to use.  Because it's so large, it's great to hold heavy books in place, but will also accommodate smaller texts like novels or even small stacks of papers.The legs on mine are a bit wobbly, which is why I'm downgrading my review a bit.  (We've tried tightening them, but it hasn't helped.)Overall, I love this thing!  I've been storing it on the floor under my desk when I don't use it so it doesn't take up too much desk space, and it's worked great so far.  For years (all throughout graduate school, up until now), I've been using this cheap little metal holder that was a pain to work with.  This 3M product is really fantastic, and I wish I had gotten one of these years ago!
The 3M(TM) Copy Holder, In-line, 18 Inches Wide, 300 Sheet Capacity,  is meant to be used for holding documents and books while using the computer. But, I'm thinking it would prove handy for booklovers who had to curtail their book reading because they couldn't hold the book comfortably, for whatever reason. This stand is on the large side. The copy holder will take up about 12" space lengthwise & is 18" wide, but that means most books & magazines can be open so both pages show at once. It fits on our TV trays. My mother-in-law was an avid reader, but had to give it up because of hand tremors. How can you read when the book or magazine you're holding is in constant motion? This copy holder would have been perfect for her. It might even work in a hospital setting & could be used on the tray to set up for the bed-bound patient. Of course, I can't be sure of this without trying it.I will use the DH640 when I crochet, to follow along in instruction manuals, at the PC to hold documents & books, & once in a while to hold a thick, heavy book that I'm reading. The elastic band reminds me of my daughter's elastic head wraps, and is adjustable up & down for books/documents of all lengths. Being elastic means it can hold different thicknesses from a single page document, thin magazine to a thick manual. I tested it with a 700 page cookbook & had no problems with it. I also put a 4 pound box of canned dog food on it (to test for weight) & it held nicely as long as the copy holder's tray/base (the piece that holds the book/document) was on the table. I'm not sure how long the threads will last as everything is plastic but the screw.There is a 5-year limited warranty which does not include normal wear & tear.
First, I must say that I cannot rate a product on it's price, but this is really tough as the list price is just unacceptable.  Possibly worth about 1/4 of that.  But, it's does it's job.There truly is not much to setup or even part of this unit that is more exciting that telling you it's a piece of lucite with sand filled plastic legs and a rubber band.  You can use it for large books and magazines.  Great for data entry projects and stacks of items to merge etc.  But, if any change should be made, it's the rubber band.  Why could this not be thin elastic belt?  The rubber band leaves creases and could tear pages, so make sure it is adjusted for each use.Due to the weight and sturdiness, I have found myself using this a bit more creatively.  It works perfectly propping my fully opened netbook with the rubber band in the hinge area, creating a safe upright keyboard and screen.  This has been useful on the side table near the tv.  But, this is meant for office related items, but plan on it taking up space.  It will end up being like that kitchen appliance stuff in the cabinets because it's too big and annoying to pull out to use.  But if you are in need of such an item as your primary use on your desk, then this is a welcomed addition, I am sure.If the item were a bit more attractive, I would suggest displaying an open book in the living room or something like that.  Possibly songbooks for the piano.  Christmas books. A large Bible.  There are certainly a lot of possibilities, but the design is more technical and useful rather than a decorative accessory.If you are doing a lot of data entry, and will do so for quite a while, then it's a wise investment.  But it's disturbing to call it an investment for something so basic.
I teach and my students are always amazed at how fast I type.  I've been typing since I was in high school about 25 years ago.  I'm very capable of copying what I'm reading from so I have used copy holders before and was, quite honestly, looking for something to not only use with books and papers but to also house my new iPad.  Well I got it.  Not only can I use this copy holder with books and papers and my iPad, heck, I can do it all at one time!I must not have been looking at the description and focusing on the details of 300 sheet capacity as well as 18 inches wide.  I was expecting something a little bit more portable and smaller.  I was wrong.  The picture really doesn't capture the size of this thing.  It's HUGE!  You can almost open two books and open them side by side with a little bit of overlap.The legs are heavy so you don't have to worry about anything tipping over.  The pages can be held back by a stretchy item which I like better than something that is rigid and plastic.  There was supposed to be something else in the box like a mounting pad but it was missing.I gave it four stars because I feel the back should be a wee bit taller for sheets of paper that need more support. It also takes up a lot of space.  While I have a nice sized desk it's taken up by a lot of other items.  I plan on moving things around to make room for it though.It is expensive and the quality is well worth the price.
I must confess, I got this item intending to break it (the joy of the Amazon Vines program).Unlike other copy holders I've used, which have a sturdy metal or wooden edge on the flat part, this holder only has a molded channel on the flat for the legs to clamp onto. This no doubt saved a tremendous amount in production costs (and lets the legs be attached in more than one place), but given the geometry of the item, I couldn't believe the holder wouldn't break if one of the legs was bent inward.I was wrong - the holder is designed so that the legs come off if they are bent inward or outward (for example, if the holder slips or is dropped). I'm not saying the item is unbreakable (it's not titanium), but it's far more sturdy than it looks.Pros and cons -- It's wide enough to hold a typical magazine, or a stack of 11x17 sheets placed horizontally, but this also means it takes up a lot of desk or counter space- There's an elastic band to hold the pages open, and mark a line, but this won't work if the copy hangs over the sides- The angle is completely adjustable- The legs are weighted to provide stability- The legs can attach anywhere on the sides of the flat, so the holder can hang off the edge of a shelf or counter, but it therefore may take a bit of fussing to get the legs even- The tray at the bottom (which would support the bottom of the copy) is slightly over an inch deep, so this isn't going to work for a big book like a bible.For cookbooks and cooking magazines, which is what I got it for, this holder is excellent, if a little industrial looking. It will also work well with 11x17 paper, as long as it's in landscape mode.
This is a good product that works but the poor instruction manual made it hard to assemble. I actually had to call 3M to make sure I assembled it correctly and I have used a number of document holders in the past. Also there are some great design features that are marred but some not so great design features.The good and bad:I called 3M and they have great customer service. This is good. The bad thing is I had to call them because the instruction manual is just three doubel sided sheets of paper listing diagrams on how to put together three types of document holders with some safety and warranty information and a parts list thrown in. The manual, which is written in four languages, fails to use any words to explain how to attach the base or line guide. If you bother to create a manual in four languages, some words describing how to put the holder together or the best way to use it would have been very helpful.The base, which is really two "legs", is heavy.  This is good since you can use large documents with this and it is important to have the weight to hold it steady. Unfortunately, after I slid the two "legs" into a groove on each side of the document holder and screwed them in I found they moved when I have moved the document holder. Perhaps then need to be tighter.You can change the angle of the legs if you want to change the angle of the document holder. This is good.  The problem is since the legs are not connected to each other you have to make sure you angle each evenly or the holder will be wobbly.One good thing is after you figure how to put this together it is easy to take apart for storage.  My desk space is limited and this is large so I have taken it apart and reassembled it on a couple of occasions.Conclusion:If you are looking for a large document holder, this will do the trick once you have it assembled and in one place. It worked well when it was holding some fairly large documents. The legs are heavy which is good. I also like the fact that I can take it apart and not add to the clutter in my office.  It is wobbly though if you move it around. Also the instruction manual is poorly designed.
The 3m Copy Holder is useful in a variety of ways. It's good for the student who needs to type up his or her notes from classes. Or the office worker who needs a place to hold papers. The copy holder is 18" wide and is sturdy enough to hold up to 300 sheets of thick paper, catalogs, books, and more. The copy hold fits perfectly on most desks or tables and is designed to be positioned directly between your computer monitor and keyboard, however it will easily fit anywhere. It also has an elastic cord that stretches across to hold your documents in place.  Overall this a very handy office tool and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who needs it.
This item arrived broken. The clear plastic part that acts as a book rest was cracked along the right hand side in two places. It had been wrapped up in cellophane wrap (like Saran Wrap) and then put in a plastic bag. Unfortunately the parts that were broken were rather crucial to its function on the bottom right hand side for tightening.The "legs" that hold the clear plastic part weigh about 1 to 2 pounds each, which offers adequate counter balance/support for most books or papers. They rattle, which indicates there is something inside akin to beans or ball bearings, to act as ballast.it comes with one "bungee" cord for putting across the book to hold it open.  You can adjust its length to adjust the tension.As usual, I promptly lost the instructions showing how to put it together, so I had to figure it out myself. Looking at pictures of it on the internet helped!  Took me about 15 minutes to get it put together.It is about 18 inches across, and about 11 inches high at its highest point. the tray is about an inch deep, so if you have a book thicker than 2 inches, it's not going to hold that well.Since the one I received was broken, I can't really comment on how sturdy it is. It looks like it cost all of about $10 for the company to make.I like that I can adjust the tray up and down, as well as tilt it forward and backward.  It's a good concept.
First of all, I LOVE this product. It is well-consructed. It uses quality material. It is a great size for most books, and it just looks beautifully professional on my desk.It tils back easily so you can read at a couple of angles. However, as useful as the ledge on the bottom is for stopping the book from slipping off, it also makes page turning difficult because it cannot be removed nor is it mobile.The base/legs cannot be set in a perfectly straight angle, but that's probably just me being anal.
Holding a large recipe book up while cooking or holding up a stack of documents I can peel off easily and quickly while I key info into a computer is not something I do all the time.  But when I do these things, I really want the right tool to do this.  I've had a number of occasions in the past where I've had to rig something for entering data, this copy holder would have been perfect.  Same thing for cookbooks...  annoys the heck out of me to prop up a large cookbook and weigh the pages down so they won't turn (not that I cook all that often, but when I do I'd rather focus on cooking and not figuring mucking about with the book).While this product is huge, it is what is needed for large cookbooks.  The legs on this are pretty heavy and it makes this copy holder awkward to move around easily.  If you leave this item on your desk or table, it will take up a large amount of space and is not easy to move about.For me, this is something that I will end up storing in another room and pulling out when needed.  As such, I am very pleased with this holder and glad to have it as a go to tool when needed.
I guess I really didn't realize just how big this thing is. Sure it gives the dimensions, but being able to open up a magazine or a small book and rest it on this holder is pretty great. There is also enough room for a couple of separate sheets to view side by side.  The clear plastic seems sturdy enough, but I have concerns about the black legs, or more precisely, the area where the legs attach to the larger piece. That thin black piece seems prone to breakage. It has NOT happened yet, and I don't see this happening under regular use, but if you move this thing and the legs, which are heavy and wobble when moved attached, snagged on something, I really think you'll lose it.Despite its size, the copy holder is pretty well designed to be unobtrusive and sits fairly well on my desk, mostly out of the way. Depending on how your desk it designed, mine has some cubby space where the legs slip in for example, you may or may not have room to keep this thing out of your way.Now the only thing I absolutely hate about this thing the line guide. Just think about what happens when you accidently snap a rubber band. I pull on it a bit and one side, always the right side, slips free and snaps. It's so prone to this that just adjusting the holder or moving it causes it to come lose. It's really the only complaint I have about the copy holder at this point.If you have a need for a copy holder, I've seen worse, and this really isn't too bad and I think the main piece is going to hold up pretty well actually.
This is a very useful product.  It holds items such as books, papers, and it can even be used as an art easel!  The leg arrangement makes it a bit bulky and awkward to move around--but it is also the unique leg arrangement that allows it to be adjusted in so many ways and the weight of the legs is what keeps it sturdy.  I like the clear plastic backing which actually creates a very clean, contemporary, and lightweight appearance.Bottomline:  Great item if you don't need to move it around a lot!
When I got this I really didn't appreciate how much real estate an 18" item would take. The footprint is large - at least a foot behind the holder too so you're losing a lot of desk area once it's together and in place. I kind of wish it was smaller maybe with pocket eaves at the ends that could be pulled out to increase the horizontal width of the holder. This way it could still retain a large opened book but be reduced for smaller documents and paper. I know 3M sell a smaller version of this holder but I think it could have been engineered in such a way that one size fits all. Do keep in mind that this is a very big document holder; take the time to measure an area at least 20"x15" to one side of your monitor to establish if you have room for it. 3M's brag of it sitting between your monitor and keyboard really doesn't ring true with today's flatscreen monitors. My 28" screen is a mere two inches off the desk so this item would block the view to about 50% of my screen if I placed it there.Still if you do need a document holder this vast that does the job right then this is it! Assembly took no time and once together you know this thing isn't going to move or fall over. I placed ream of paper on it (more than the recommended amount of pages) and it withstood the weight without folding in on itself. So it works and works well - the band which holds the pages open is useful although flimsy.If you're currently propping up a book by leaning it against a pile of other books then you should treat yourself to the 3M Copy Holder. It's more than big and strong enough for the job and fairly priced.
My company uses over 50,000 of stickers of this size a year so I have quite a bit of experience with them.  These stickers are top quality in every respect.  They print very well and maintain what was printed on them without smudging or other problems.  The easy peel aspect is very nice and does help with efficiency in applying sticker.The only problem these stickers have for us is that they are not permanent application stickers.  The adhesive on these creates a reasonably strong bond, but will pull off.  It appears they are designed to do this.  I know that some people want to be able to remove their stickers later and for those type of people these stickers would be perfect.  However, in our particular use we need the stickers to not be removable and thus these are not perfect for us.  You will have to judge for yourself how this would affect you.
Avery has always been good to work with, The background is always very bright white. If your printer is good, they never fail giving a clear great contrast. I have started to use P-Touch which is much faster. However if you don't have a label maker such as P-Touch then this is the label paper for you. User friendly and most word processors have it built into there data base for your use.
Side-by-side comparison:3M Address Labelsare just as good. Go for the best price.I've used Avery and 3M labels for years.The 3M have the same easy-peel layout with different laughable slogans.The 3M package claims "Permanent Adhesive" and "Strong Stick." The Avery stick just as well, or almost as well.I have not tried the less expensiveMaco Address Labels.I find the 1" x 2-5/8" size is big enough if you use size 9 font (Arial). I get up to 38 characters per line x 5 lines.
I've been using Avery 5160 return address labels for years, so I was interested in how the "Easy Peel" differed from the older ones I still had.  When I took the first sheet out of the box, I was immediately concerned about the weight of the backing; the sheets seemed much flimsier than those I had remaining in my old box, a choice obviously made in the interest of the pop-up edges.  Once I printed a sheet of both and compared the labels themselves, they seemed comparable.  However, a couple of issues emerged:  it was slightly more difficult to manually insert a sheet of the Easy Peel so that the labels lined up correctly because the sheets were more likely to bow, and printed labels stored in a file folder were more likely to catch and come off when pulled in and out.  Despite this, these labels maintain the Avery quality the company has been known for, and they stick well and completely to envelopes.  Note: these labels are for laser printers, not for inkjets.The Easy Peel feature is only marginally better than the old style, which I never found difficult to remove.  Here, you fold the sheet along each row, and a small portion of the labels' ends pop up.  It definitely can save time if you're doing a lot of mailing/labeling; however, most people won't care.  I appreciated the feed arrows since I always forget which end should be up when feeding manually.  I printed ten sheets out of the box, in rapid succession, and other than the lining up issue noted above, every sheet came out smoothly and perfectly printed.Although Microsoft Word has the necessary template for these labels in its project gallery, buyers can also get the correct template at the Avery website (address supplied on the box).I've used several different brands of mailing labels, and I always come back to Avery.  Despite the lighter backing of these labels to enable the "Easy Peel," the labels themselves maintain the same high quality.  I just wish the ease of removal could be combined with a slightly heavier/stiffer backing.  Five stars for the label quality, three stars for the Easy Peel design.-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann
Well, its a label. Its white and it goes on an envelope. Not much you can say about these other than its a huge amount of labels. Most if not all printing software recognizes Avery in its page setup. Because of this you should not have a problem getting your software to format the page so they print out on these. The easy peel is nice when you are doing a massive mailing.Thank you for reading my review.
They don't get jammed in the printer, the labels don't peel off unexpectedly, the sheets do not stick together, so that is all that I ask from labels. One thing that you should consider is the price and how many you'll need.The price for the labels is competitive versus others in the market. While 3000 labels may be too much for the individual user, the number might be just right for an office with a lot of mailings. I am somewhere in between and have found these to be perfectly acceptable.
I have two different laser printers, each with a special envelope slot that is meant to feed envelopes so that you can print an address directly on each envelope. There are two problems with both. First, you can feed only one envelope at a time (they won't accomodate a stack of envelopes). Secondly, half of the time the envelope jams and you must pull the printer apart to fix the problem. So, I have given up on running envelopes through my laser printers.The Avery Easy Peal mailing label sheets fit into the standard 8.5" by 11" tray and feed flawlessly through the print track. I can print 300 labels in less than a minute and each label peels off the backing easily and can be stuck to an envelope or package quickly.The drawback is, you must run a sheet of 30 labels through the printer even if you need only one label. But if you have a lot of mailing to do, this generous quantity of labels helps get the job done quickly and inexpensively.
Avery 5160 labels have been a workhorse for me for years. This new variation does make it a little easier to remove the labels, which is a good thing. Ranking wise, I like these better than Staples' house brand version, but not quite as good as the 3M version.
Avery's Easy Peel 5160 address labels are much easier to remove from the printed sheet than the standard Avery 5160 labels.  But, that ease comes with a few limitations illustrated the images that I've uploaded.  These may or may not affect you.For this review, I printed an entire sheet of return address labels on each product.  The Easy Peel labels are unquestionably easier to remove than the standard labels, as you simply flex the sheet and the edges of the labels in one column detach from the backing sheet as shown in the photos I've posted.If you typically print full sheets of labels, you'll be pleased with the ease of removing the labels.  While the standard labels can sometimes curl, or get a damaged corner as you peel, these labels come off cleanly.But, there are two situations where the standard Avery product is still better:  printing single labels and re-using the sheet, and tearing the sheet into thirds for storage or distribution of labels.Microsoft Word (and other software) has the ability to print a single label on a sheet in the row and column specified in the label dialog.  This works well with the standard Avery product.  With the Easy Peel product, if you've accidentally bumped adjacent labels while peeling off printed ones, the labels may jam your printer.  (The jam-free guarantee refers to fresh sheets of labels.)If you typically tear your 5160 sheet at the perforations to get three columns of labels, you will not want to do that with the Easy Peel product.  As shown in the photos, unlike the clean edge of the older product, the Easy Peel coumn has  about 1/8" of the sticky label extending beyond the backing after tearing.
I use these labels all the time. The only thing I have found *wrong* with them is that they don't stick to every surface as well as I would like (but that's to be said of most stickers). They are easy to peel but that also means that when you stick them on certain surfaces (ie: shiny boxes), the can have their edges "roll" in a bit after time.
Avery labels are always great and these are no exception to that rule. They are bright white, feed smoothly through our laser printers and perform just as you would want on paper. When using such labels on cardboard, I recommend another brand. Other brands actually work better on tough surfaces due to stronger adhesive but for envelopes and simple task Avery labels can't be beat. One Avery advantage is how easy they are to peal off the sheet before they are applied which comes from their unique adhesive.MAKE SURE you are buying the correct type of label for your printer. Most households use INK JET printers not a LASER PRINTER which is what these are designed for. That makes a big difference as the wrong type for your printer will make a mess and just plain not work.
As a boutique consulting and travel firm, image is important to us, as well as cost control.  We use labels of various sizes constantly rather than getting envelopes and folders pre-printed as a cost saving measure and a way to offer easy customization of our brand to our clients.As others have stated here, a label is a label is a label...right?  Not always.  There are many factors that I look at when buying labels, especially in quantity:1.  Price.  Big variances between 'generic' and 3M, Avery, etc.2.  Glue.  Good glue won't come through the label.3.  Adhesive Quality.  Labels shouldn't come off an envelope (which could result in a dead letter), and they shouldn't come off in the printer (which could result in the need for a new printer).4.  Ease of removing from sheet.  If they are not easy to remove, the label can be easily torn.  Sometimes I've had to use an X-acto knife to lift labels.Avery labels here are great value, and have the other characteristics of good labels.  Whenever I have a choice between an Avery label and another product (even at a much lower price) I buy the Avery.
It will come as no surprise that these labels are easy to use.  They're an Avery product, so the templates for using these labels are built into almost every application you're likely to use with them, so formatting the print data is a snap.  What makes these labels different is their construction.  They're thicker than the typical mailing label, with a white front and a dark gray sticky side.  This makes the labels truly opaque, so that they block any previous writing or labels that they are applied over.  I've tried to see through them, and I haven't been able to.  This allows envelopes to be re-used while protecting the privacy of the previous addressees.
A long time user of Avery labels, I was especially drawn to these because of the promise of smudge-free labels with sheets that pass easily.  I have a finicky, but expensive, printer that on occasion wrinkles sheets that pass through the manual, non-drawer feeder.  This happens most frequently with labels.  So I was happy to see that after using more than 2 dozen of these sheets that they do indeed pass smoothly as described, furthermore no smudging!!!  This is vitally important as with these big labels pressing them onto envelopes sometimes requires quite a bit of handling.  I'm very happy with these labels and will definitely be switching from the regular 2X4 labels to these with TrueBlock that work seamlessly and smudge-free.Highly recommended!
I can't say that I've ever been blown away by printer labels, these do deliver on their marketing promises.  I found that they did in fact do a a great job of covering up and blocking out any printing underneath the label.  That makes them incredibly helpful when you want to reuse boxes.  I also found I had very few problems with the labels jamming in the printer or getting smudged.  Admittedly, I've often blamed the former on my printer in the past but who knew it might actually have been the design of the labels to blame.I also like that they now have an online interface for designing labels that requires no downloads.  For me this has made making great labels more user friendly because I always found the templates in word to be a bit clunky and limiting.  The only thing I dislike is that many of the designs available look a bit dated and heavy on clip art.  It's a shame because elsewhere on the web I've found great printables from bloggers or designers, they just don't always offer the ability to edit the text or aren't sized to fit the label sizes I have.Overall though a solid product made easier with the online label design capabilities.
These labels are easy to print on and block out any information underneath them so you can ship without worrying.  There are 250 in the package so you can ship a lot of packages with just this one package of labels.  I highly recommend this for businesses.
I've been using labels of this size under the brand of a national office box store, and in one notable way, the Avery product is superior.  These labels have a dark underside ("TrueBlock") which successfully masks what's underneath, making them perfect for covering a previous label on a box.  My box store brand labels are more translucent, something I accepted without thought until I tried these labels.  Since I reuse a lot of boxes, I won't be going back to the more generic kind, even though they, too, may be manufactured by Avery.  Both print on my laser printer without smearing.  Both look crisp.  But only these Avery labels are completely opaque.For users of Microsoft Word, you can use the Label Wizard to set up printing, or you can go to the company's web site to download the label templates.The only thing that I didn't like about these labels is their flimsy backing sheet, which doesn't affect the labels themselves but which makes it more difficult to line up the sheets in my printer.  Every so often, I'll print one that is slightly crooked because the sheet didn't get held properly in place by the manual feed slots.  This issue is not enough to make me return to the box store brand, but I wish Avery still used its heavier backing stock.-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann
I am married to a woman who sells lots of things on Ebay.  She is also very conscious of recycling everything she can.  I work for a company that visual appeal when shipping something is almost everything, so when I reuse something, it better look new.  Sometimes, my wife asks me to package something up for her using an old packing envelope, that's fine but I either have to remove the old label or place the new one over the old one allowing you to see the old info.  To compromise, we decided to try these labels and much to my surprise, I can't see the old label under this one.  Yes they are a little more expensive, but it does make our marriage a little better.
These are nice, large shipping labels.  I tried them out returning a package, and the label covered the one underneath, no problem, nothing showing through.  They printed out clearly and without smudging.  We've also found other uses for them around the house, like labeling the kids' notebooks for school.  Great labels.
Avery labels always do a good job for me, and particularly print well with MS Word, I had no problems printing labels properly aligned and the print quality was excellent, very clear without any smudges. Recommended.
The labels print perfectly and have a decent level of stickiness. They do not seem like they would fall off at all after adhering them on to the letter. Good stuff. Just the right size to not take up too much space and to get the most for your money. A good amount per package. Avery always seems to make the best quality office supply products so you know you can never go wrong with a product of theirs. Maybe could be a little more sticky but decent.
These White Shipping Labels are amazing. It is specially designed for blocking out any writing over so that you can re-use the envelop. The labels are of good quality and it peels off nicely and ready to go on the re-usable envelop. I used this few times and I am satisfied with this product.
These are good, standard solid labels from Avery - template suggestions are always on the package (so helpful) and I've used both the 3M version, Avery version, and branded store versions (like Office Depot) - they all work well as address labels - if you are wondering how to choose, I'd make your decision based on price, and features such as the TrueBlock Technology included on these (which makes using a a recycled box or envelope much easier - it's thicker and truly covers up the older used labels below!)...as well as other features like (is it for a LASER or INKJET - this is for LASER printers) printer?  Is it the right adhesive (does it stick well enough to the type of envelopes or packages you are using)...I would recommend this product from Avery - price and a few other features will help you make a quick decision between this & other brands, but Avery has been making good labels for a long time, so I would choose Avery where I could - I like their continuous improvement process and the way I can re-use old boxes for mailing with these!
These labels are a good size for mailing first-class parcels and larger envelops. Also, they are much better quality than the off-brand labels. I am pleased.
If you like professional and uniform looking labels - and I do - then this is a great product.  I have a P-Touch label maker that I have used forever to create labels for my file folders.  Rather than hand-writing, I print the label, then peel the adhesive strip to the file folder and I do like that my labels have a uniform look.  What detracts from this system is that my labels are printed on white, so once adhered to the file folder, the label as well as the text is clearly visible.  What sets the Avery labels apart is that the label itself is clear.  Thus, it is virtually invisible once it is adhered.  This adds a very professional look to the labels, in addition to the uniform look.However the reason I said in the title that they are best for business use?  The label sheets can be run through your printer which will print the whole page at once.  Prior to their arrival I didn't think this would be a problem, as I could just print a few, then save the sheet and next time I needed labels, print a few more.  Nuh-uh.  The sheet can ONLY be run through the printer one time, due to the adhesive residue on the page that will gum up the printer.  This means I need to know ahead of time what labels I will need for all 50 labels!  Now granted, if I were starting a new project of some kind, that wouldn't be a problem.  But generally I need to create only a few labels at a time - and I don't want to wait months until I have 50 labels that need printed!  For this reason, I downgraded my rating to a 4.The software templates available online make it easy to create the labels.  You can even add a graphic, such as a logo, to the label.  When I saw the suggestion that you can print a label for both sides of the divider at once, I could not at first see how this would be useful.  However I now realize how handy it is to have both sides of the divider labeled.  Now, no matter where I am in the binder, I can easily flip to the section I need.  (This feature means I only have to wait until I need to print 25 labels, instead of 50, before printing the whole sheet.  It also means I go through twice as many labels.)Another nice feature is that rather than having to peel and stick individual labels, it is easy to label a whole strip of five at once.  You simply line them up, stick down the labels, then when you remove the "outer" strip, all that is left is the labels on the dividers.The dividers themselves are flimsier than I would prefer.  Thicker than paper but not as rigid as a good cardstock.  The corners are sharp rather than rounded.  So far this hasn't been a problem, although I can see them getting turned over and creased more easily.  The hole side is reinforced and so far has held up well.Overall this is a good product but I do believe its best application is in a business setting where multiple labels are frequently required.
.. which is great!  I will echo other reviewers to say that this is good for larger jobs.  For just a few tabs... it's just easier to write it in neatly.  I like that there is a template to use with MS Word, which makes it a lot easier to use and to keep projects organized in the same folder for future duplication.
First of all, you don't have to go to [...] and register in order to download the template.  You can download from Microsoft's website. (I accessed it quickly by searching Woord 2007's online Help.)  Click DOWNLOAD, accept terms, follow prompts and such, then you will be prompted to enable macros in Word.  Once that process is complete (a few mins), you're all set to start creating.  (You'll want to adjust the SAVE AS option, make sure you save it in your Docs, or wherever you keep templates, otherwise it goes into a preset MS folder and you may never find it again!)It's very user friendly.  This is not your most basic Avery label, where you insert directly onto the template.  Rather, you insert text and photos from a separate on-screen window.  You can add different pictures on each tab (left or right position, easy Browse and Insert from Your Pictures) or the same pic on all tabs. Same with text.  Click "OK" to view template, and if you need to edit, click "EDIT TEXT OR PICTURES" on the toolbar and the screen returns.  Changes are made quickly enough, with a visible progress bar.  Fonts can be easily tested out and edited - ctrl+a to select all on the actual template, then scroll through several preset fonts to see the changes before your eyes without final editing, then click the one you like best to make the changes final.  You can also access and use MSWord's full set of installed fonts by clicking "Create New Theme Fonts" and saving as Custom.The template automatically prints in BLACK, size 14.  What I have not found is how to quickly change the entire page's font COLORS and SIZES.  The only way that has worked for me is to select the text on each individual label and then apply a new color or size from Word HOME (off the Avery template toolbar, back onto the Word toolbar).  I have tried several tricks, nothing has worked.  This is unfortunate, as color coding can be an extremely helpful and effective way to access specific tabbed sections of information.The template screen gives you the option to start on any row you choose, which is a great way to conserve template sheets, since you may not use every label on the sheet every time. You can print more than one set at a time and then Collate or Group.Overall I really like these, and I will forgive the color and size faux pas for now.  But these options would be a nice update to the label for future editions.
These dividers are good for general use.PROS:--Durable--Professional looking--Convenient labelsCONS:--Not much different from other dividers--A bit expensiveRecommended for professional use. If you just need a set of dividers, these are much too expensive. You could easily improvise using cheaper labels and dividers.
I recvd Avery lavel dividers and heavy duty EZD ring binder.  Cool.Over the years I've printed out many a label via Avery to use on their dividers.  Both the labels and templates are easy-peasy. One template prints a row of labels together; the other individual labels. Templates are at Avery.com. Easy to download and use... Clean, crisp printing w/ jet printer. No more guessing if the labels are loaded correctly...  The dividers are white and strong.Now the EZD Ring binder is very impressive... The info says it holds over 600 pages... And it really is one-touch... It has sleeves front and back on the inside. And clear sleeves on the front, back and side on the outside. The better to label and see what you're looking for...  Nice...
Over the course of the year, I create presentation packets, and one of the more tedious tasks is labeling the tabs.  This Avery product saves me time in that it allows me to label all my tabs at once using the enclosed label strip (which has guides on it to allow proper placement on the tabs).  The design is a time saver and the guides work well.The drawback to this is that Avery's instructions tell you to only feed the label sheet once through your printer, so, with 5 sets of 5 tabs each, you really need to have a bigger project/multiple packets to optimally use these labels.Avery also includes a label sheet for sticking individual labels one at a time onto the tabs (but again, the assumption is that the label sheet is to be feed through the printer as a one time only sheet).The Avery website is easy to navigate and the Avery templates are easy to use.This is a great product for my use.  I recommend these if you are putting together multiple presentation packets.
This was a great product to give your index dividers a professional touch.  Clean, crisp and transparent labels looked like something you'd get from a quality print shop and far beyond that of the typical SOHO user.  Unfortunately, the product is really designed to print a page of 100 labels at a time.  Printing just a few simply isn't a good use of this product as the paper does become harder to feed in the printer over time and aligning a small set of labels proved difficult.To print the labels, you open up a Microsoft Word template and manually type on the labels you want to print on.  For just a few labels for office use, this was simply more trouble than it was worth.  However, I did create a series of client presentations and the labels were invaluable for that.Highly recommend for your next project, but skip it for daily use
These dividers were just what the teacher ordered for organizing my high school student's binder.  The instructions were clear and easy to follow, the resulting labels look terrific and the dividers are sturdy enough to last the whole school year.  The five sets in the package make it a great deal.  The only thing that could have made this a five star review was having multi colors versus white only.
These are great labels to have around. They fit on most folders that I wanted them to. Personally I thought full price they would be expensive but they are worth getting when on sale
I'm not exactly sure what I am reviewing, since Avery sent a special kit to the Vine reviewers that consisted of a 1.5" Heavy-Duty One Touch EZD 3-ring binder and the tabs.The EZD binder is made very well, with an easy to use ring locker.The Easy Apply tabs come in strips of 5 that allow you to label 5 tabs in one fast stroke, perfect for the office commandos that need to file stuff on a daily basis. The kit also comes with a tab sheet that allows you to print tabs using a Word template. All of these tabs are self-adhesive, so it saves you time from having to hunt down lost inserts.Avery comes up with nifty ways of organizing information and this is not an exception.
This binder comes with clear label index maker dividers. Microsoft Word can be used to print on all the label strips with the computer. When you print the labels, peel and align on the divider definitely looks more professional. It can be used for home filing, school papers or office. It is easy and less time-consuming compared to writing all the labels by hand. Label seems thick and index divider sheets are also thick. Strip that is holding the ring is thick to hold the ring strongly. It has 2 pockets on each inner side in the binder where we can keep some additional papers or pen.
Trust your eyes when you go to the Avery website: the first 11436 template is a 4 column template but download the one that has five columns instead.  When you go to the next screen on the five column template and view details, the numbers 11436 will show up.Usually things have disclaimers about how they won't work on Macs (it either won't line up, won't open the pdf, or requires a rocket scientist). This product did not say there would be a Mac problem until AFTER you download the template.  Then and only then does it clearly state that there will be a problem with Word 2008 and Macs.  Since my computer's default always ignores Word 2008 and goes back to an earlier version, I thought it would be fine.  LOL!  Not quite.  Generally, I don't click agree on anything that says "trust all documents from this publisher."  Compile error in hidden module: blah blah blah was my second alert.  The next problem was that the template had a box of text over it and that led to my second compile error in hidden module.  I was able to get rid of the box by first deleting the text and then selecting the box and cutting it.  It is hardly ever easy to use things with Macs but generally Avery has been compatible so I was surprised by this.  And no, it was not a huge difficulty to get past these problems, just annoying.I liked that Avery included a practice sheet.  I'm the type that always has to practice to see which side and up or down something is going to be printed on to print twice on the same page.  It seems like at some point I should learn that about my printer but I never like to get that attached to any printer.  (At some point, a tiny part is going to break or it will be cheaper to buy a new printer than to replace the inks.)Once you get past the template difficulties, the divider labels went on very easily!  I loved how they lined up!  I put the dividers in a binder first so they were all perfectly set up.I used the set that was sent to me to organize gym junk.  I have a bunch of binders and systems that needed to be put all together in one place.  Now I can just pull the sections that I want to take to the gym on any given day instead of my old system where I just took the first binder I could find in the trunk.Once I worked out the kinks, it was all fine.  But I've had other Avery products without kinks and I like those better.  Much better.
First, I'm a Mac user and the template download didn't have one labeled for Microsoft version 2008 but 2007 worked just fine. Next, figuring out which way it goes in the printer. Thanks to the handy practice sheet I got it in a couple of tries. Wouldn't it be great if you could put in your printer make and model and it would tell you which way the paper goes. One of the slickest features  of Clear Label is being able to apply labels to all five tabs "at once." After lining up the tabs and the strip, you can apply them all at once but to remove the remainder of the strip requires a little fiddling with each label... at least they all got positioned perfectly and that's the important point. Maybe they could make them break apart just a little easier.Where you need to follow my directions instead of theirs is if you are applying labels to both sides of each tab. Unlike the example Avery supplies, you don't want to just type the labels two up. For the second set, you'll want to reverse the order. Otherwise you won't be able to take advantage of the "Easy Apply Label Strip" and you'll be back to peeling them off one by one and hoping you can line them up. I didn't figure this out on the first batch but it worked well on the second.The end result is a very nice looking set of tabs and knowing they are made from 30% recycled paper helps too... especially when I read today that global climate change has already killed off 40% of the phytoplankton in the Earth's oceans and I happen to know that historically, half of the world's oxygen is produced via phytoplankton photosynthesis. Whatever Avery can do to further cut down or indicate their carbon footprint would be appreciated. I'm sure these labels don't contribute much but every breath may soon count a great deal, especially for our grandchildren.
**Amazon Vine customers who ordered the Avery Index Maker Clear Label Dividers with Easy Apply Label Strip, White Tabs, 5 Tabs per Set, 5 Sets per Pack (11436) received the bonus of a binder with the label dividers.  It is my understanding that the binder is not a part of the package, so I will not describe the binder.**The first thing I did after opening the package was make two copies of the Easy Apply Practice Sheet because I wanted to test print directly from the template and not print on a plain piece of paper and hold it against the practice sheet as recommended.  I wanted to see it directly on the form.  Because the label sheet can go through a printer only 1 time, be sure you have enough ink in your printer, especially if you're printing in color.  Would be rotten luck to run out of ink halfway through the job.  Now 50 labels may seem like a lot, but if you're printing for an office or conference, that's a drop in the bucket.  If you're looking to print a row or two, this is not the best product for you.  This is suitable for larger projects which require repetitive applications and can save over the cost of having dividers professionally printed.  What makes this product different is that you print a sheet of labels, remove a strip then apply the labels onto 5 tabs with one movement.  You can reverse the process for labels on the reverse of each tab, hence the 50 labels on a sheet for 25 tabs.  The instructions on the back of the sheet direct the user to move from left to right in peeling, pressing and removing the strip, but I see no reason it can't be done from right to left because the margins are the same on both ends.  I became a little nervous when reading the instructions and saw, "professional-lookin g dividers", not a very professional look with the error in spelling.  Made me question all aspects of the product since there was an error in Avery's professional printing.  Anyway, I was impressed by the Avery website and template options available, and I also enjoyed playing around with the Design Pro offered from the website, especially for a Mac computer.  I designed my labels in color, ran a couple of tests, making the necessary adjustments in design and alignment, printed the labels with baited breath, and enjoyed the application process which was very fast and efficient.  The sheets are very white and crisp, have nice sharp corners, and the rounded tabs are nested together beautifully with no empty space between them.  I'm now trying to come up with another project to purchase more.
My previous experience with Avery printable labels was less than satisfactory. I'm very pleased with these labels, however.One thing to be aware of: the product cover which notes that the "guarantee extends only to a sheet of labels that has been fed through a printer a single time". Initially I'd planned to use these labels and dividers for my son's school binder, which contains only 5 subjects, but since each sheet of label strips contains 25 labels (5 rows of 5) and can only be run through the one time, it would have been a waste.For personal use, I can't think of other similarly large projects for which I'd need 25 labels at a time. I imagine these would be wonderful in an office, though, or perhaps come tax season when it's time to organize receipts?I wound up using this to label my large, hyper-organized recipe binder and the results look stunning! Also, the Avery template software available for download at their site made it very easy to print labels for both the front and back of the dividers, which means I can find my way around my cookbook from either end now. Nice!That said, I wish the directions encouraged users to wait several minutes after printing before they apply the labels. Since I didn't, the ink on the first few smeared when I pressed them onto the dividers. By the second row, I knew better and the remaining labels turned out gorgeous.
If you have a project that requires creating lots of binder dividers, this kits is just the thing! You'll save lots of time printing and labeling your dividers. If you just need the occasional divider, it's not really worth the expense, it's definitely best for situations where you have a good many of dividers to label.
This product is worth the money for those preparing dividers for a large volume of binders.  The clever design of the tab labels allows the user to apply all 5 labels in the 5 divider set simultaneously and then peel off the connective piece leaving all 5 labels in place.  For anyone that has meticulously placed each label on dozens or hundreds of dividers getting ready for a business meeting, or creating a conference folder, for example, this can make a huge difference in time.  As well, the labels all go on straighter and more professionally.  Nice innovation!It is also nice that enough labels are included with the dividers to put the labels on the front and the back of the dividers.  **It's important to note though, that if putting the labels on the front and the back, the ones for the back need to be printed in the backwards order than the ones for the front.**  They do not illustrate this on their materials, and if it was in the instructions, I didn't see it!  This is important because there aren't extras and if it's done without that switch, the backs will have to be hand applied, negating the time savings!These labels are really best for those doing all 5 sets in the package at the same time, because making multiple runs though a printer with the same label sheet can be unreliable.  Also, setting it up multiple times negates much of the time savings as well.The package also comes with standard tab labels that can be applied singly.  All the labels can be handwritten as well.Recommended for those doing volume labeling.  Those labeling a few sets or a single sit can probably find a cheaper version.
I have used lots of tabs over the years, and these are a great, improved version from Avery - the tabs are a good paper thickness, look professional, and you can either write on them (I'd recommend using a Sharpie) or you can print the labels easily yourself.  Avery has nice templates to create these index labels - I'd still suggest a test print or two (hence the 4 star rating) because sometimes they might print a bit off, so testing is always ideal.  But I've not yet found a time when this isn't the case, so it's just a normal inconvenience of printing nice, professional-looking labels yourself.  I would definitely recommend this product from Avery, and have purchased many of these for use in my job - they are great!  I would like to suggest Avery make these in 5, 8, 10, 12, and 15 tab versions - I believe they do all except the 10 tab...which I like, but I would still recommend these!
This 3 Ring Binder is well designed. Avery took what is wrong with most other binders and came up with excellent solutions such as the Pins for the Binder Ring connections. Other binders use V connections which don't always work well. I also like the Single Button to release the Rings. The curvature of the Rings makes it easier to handle large volumes of paper.The Labels are also Premium quality but I won't be using them with a printer or the free Avery software. Only reason is that I don't make that many Binder labels at any one time. But I have used other Avery label products with Avery's free software and they always worked well.If you want an above average 3 Ring Binder that can be used frequently and smoothly then I highly recommend this Avery product.
Oh my Avery, how I LOVE you!!  I am a total neat freak and obsessed with file organization within my home as well as at the office.  I use other Avery label products to label my hanging folders, which this product isn't really good for because those have the little tabs that get shoved into the plastic clip.  I also have subfolders within my hanging folders (your basic 3-tab folder), and again, these labels aren't good for those either because those folders have a much wider labelling area.  So, minus a star for not being able to use these economically with other folders.  Of course, if you wanted to use these on your basic 3-tab folder, you could...but the label itself is not very long and you wouldn't be utilizing the wider space on the 3-tab folders tab...plus these cost too much to do that.  These are designed for 5-tab folder systems.Ok, now that I got my gripes out of the way...on to the good stuff!  Avery states you should go to their website and download the template (11436) to print these bad boys correctly.  I did not need to do that as both of my word processing software packages already had the template and it worked perfectly (I have Microsoft Word 2007 and OpenOffice.org).  Something I am a bit confused about, my package of trial labels came with 2 different label sheets that utilize 2 separate templates.  The first one is the one you see in the product image (11436), the one that makes applying 5 labels at a time a breeze (sheet contains 50 labels)....the second one looks more like your typical label sheet (template 612797) and contains 80 labels divided into 4 columns of 20.  Again, both Word and OpenOffice had this 2nd template and printed perfectly! (note template 612797 is exact same as Avery Template 5836)Others have complained stating they were unable to put the label through their printer for 2nd or even 3rd times making these a one-time-use sheet.  I did experience problems putting the label through a 2nd time on my inkjet printer, but no problems at all on my laser printer.  This I can't explain, but it is good news for me because now I don't have to print all 50 labels at one time or throw away the sheet if I only did print a few.No other reviews that I have read have stated how much text can be placed on the label.  This I find important, so hopefully me telling you helps.  Using your standard Times New Roman font, size 12, you can fit 23 characters across and on 2 lines....so 46 characters total.  This of course changes if you adjust the font type and size, or if you put an image on the label (yes, you can do that and it is awesome!!).These also come with a 2" 3-ring binder that has the vinyl overwrap on the exterior to insert a page on the front or back (I received a black one, but who knows if that is standard, or if colors are random).  The interior has 3 built-in pockets on the front & back (so 6 total) that are stacked evenly adding to the organizational appearance.  The binder has a rubber pull-tab to open/close the binder rings, which are D-shaped making turning pages and storing the binder closed less stressful on the holes of the paper in the binder.To start filling up that fancy binder and have a place to stick the labels, Avery includes a set of 25 3-hole-punched dividers.  These are white and have a reinforced plastic stripping over the label tab as well as along the side where the holes are punched (preventing them from being torn out of the binder or wearing out prematurely).  The dividers are thicker than your standard paper, but no where near the quality of say cardstock.  Shame on you Avery for creating such a wonderful label process with crappy quality dividers.If I haven't said enough already, let me say some more things.  I personally love these labels, but can see where others wouldn't.  You need to have a "need" for these labels or they will be a waste of your time & money.  My co-workers laugh at me when I'm on "another labelling mission", but when it comes time that they need a document and they can't find it in their poorly organized desks...who do you think they come to?
The binder is a nice quality easy-touch 3-ring. But what makes this set especially nice is the dividers. Included are 5 sets of 5, with one set of traditional labels, one set of "easy labels," and one practice sheet. Templates are downloadable from Avery.The easy-tabs ensure that the divider labels align, which is a nice touch. I'm going to see if I can pick these up in colored labels -- that would be sweet and perfect for how I use this product (essentially a career portfolio).
Not only did I use these for notebook dividers, I used them to label file folders.  They fit and look great with some minor adjustments (putting one folder inside another).  One of the nicest aspects of using these for dividers is the straight placement.  I think they look much nicer than anything I've used before.  I have several notebooks that have over 25 dividers, so the time I saved creating and applying the labels is very much appreciated. I also took advantage of the fact that I could play around with section titles to see which would fit best.Avery labels are about all I can get either at my local Staples and Wal-Mart stores.  (I don't even know who else makes them anymore.) I'll be buying these again.
First of all, unless you are in Vine, you DO NOT receive a binder with these dividers.  So disregard any comments about a binder in reviews when considering ordering this product.Printing them was simple as was applying them in the strips of 5 makes quick and easy work of getting the dividers ready.  The ink from my Canon inkjet did not smear at all.These dividers are great for large projects that you want to look professional.  However, the biggest drawback is that you must print all 50 of the clear labels at once.  This is fine if you have multiple presentations but makes it difficult to for smaller projects unless you want to write on the tabs, which defeats the purpose of getting printable tabs.  In short, this product is fantastic for making up presentation binders for a business, but will not be useful for setting up binders for your kids for school (since they are unlikely to need 50 dividers at once).  I would not use them for my own home use, but will buy more for my business.I gave this 4 stars in relation to using it for larger projects.
It looks like Avery sent Amazon Vine a special packet consisting of a thick binder and printer labels.  This included a letter from Avery to Vine reviewers.The labels are durable.  Easy to peel off.  Great product for people looking to organize paperwork at home or in th office.
I've used one of these for decades, all the way back to my university days, and it's definitely an old and dear friend. So much so that I recently bought a new one when the little rubber tips finally wore out on the old one.This book holder works really well for any kind of hardback, even a big dictionary. However, in my experience it doesn't work very well for trade paperbacks. They flop forward and don't hold at all well. If you want a really wonderful book holder for that purpose, I recently discovered theBookbax(which is also good for holding the Kindle and Kindle Fire and other tablet readers).
This thing is pretty cool!  It's bigger than I expected, and blocks out nearly all the light from the window behind it.  I've been needing something like this for a long time though, so light or no light I find it very useful.  I teach classical guitar and often need to draw out chords, music or whatever for my students and this is plenty big enough for me to not only draw out the Treble Clef, but the Bass Clef underneath and show how the the two clefs are related.  This is a big deal to me because before I was trying to use staff paper and it wasn't designed for that purpose, or use a very small white board that wouldn't hold nearly enough information.I have the tray already loaded with various expo markers and a couple of erasers.  The easel is steadier than I expected, and being tall, I can slide it upwards and tighten down the two knobs on each side and it seems to hold alright.  The paper catch at the top is a nice touch though I have to work a bit to get any papers to catch in it.  I doubt I'll be using that function much, if any.  And I'll only be using one side of it, but it's a white board on both sides if you need that.So overall, it's really good.  I'm hesitant to give it 5 stars yet because it's kind of pricey, and I don't know yet how well it will stand (pun intended) the test of time.  Just noticed it is not magnetized.
I am a corporate trainer who has done a lot of volunteer teaching at church.  I've used a lot of this type of product.  There are other styles that are more stable by definition.  But, of the ones that I have used that are this style, this one seems very stable .  You need to learn the rhythm of how to set it up by yourself and it's much easier with more than one set of hands.  But, that's true of the design, not this specific product.  I can do it by myself when the need arises.If you are going to buy one that is this style, this is a good option.
Aside from one moderate issue, this freestanding dry erase board is great. The only problem with it is that it can be a bit hard to set up without assistance. The knobs that tighten down both the legs and lock the board at the desired angle are hard to turn while also holding everything where you want it. This is solved by laying the board flat on the ground, or by enlisting someone to assist you. Once set up, the board is perfect: stable, easy to write on, made very well, and light. We use three of them at my work place and all are excellent. This board will fit in the trunk of most cars, so it's great for presentations.4/5. A solid buy even with the somewhat difficult setup.
The Quartet Easel Whiteboard would be a good choice for home offices, homeschoolers, and regular offices.The Whiteboard arrives more or less as one piece. We had to put the endcaps on the pen tray. I don't know whether they came off during shipping or whether the product ships like that, but it wasn't taxing in any sense.  Our Whiteboard, by the way, came in it's own box, which was inside of another Amazon box which means that the UPS guy would have had to go out of his way to damage it.The whiteboard/easel is in contracted-mode when it arrives. Don't be like me. All you need to do is pull the whiteboard straight up. For some reason I was thinking it would swing out and lock. Not the case. Just make sure the knobs on the side are not tight, have someone hold the base, and then pull the whiteboard straight up. Tighten knobs.  I found that none of us could do this alone. It takes two people.Right now my kids are giving this board a workout. They've used it vertically and they've used it as a table. It worked as a table, but I wouldn't buy this product if that's the main way you plan on using it.Vertically it's been great. My two older kids have been using it and there's been no problem with stability. This might not be the case with little children however, as I know they tend to lean on things and hang on them. I'd advise to keep this product for older kids. Mine are tween and teen.The other use I've put it through is to clip on a large easel paper. We've had no problems. The heavy pad stays put during writing.SUMMARYThe biggest shortfall of this whiteboard/easel is that it takes two people to set it up. But after that it can be moved around, no problem.We've used it as a support for one of those large easel pads with no problem. Also used it as a whiteboard and as a whiteboard table. It's never fallen over.The one other thing you might want to know is that it is tall enough for a small audience. So you could use this in a small office/classroom setting and two or three rows of people, possibly more, would be able to see what you were doing.Recommend.
It's nearly all-plastic (feels cheap but it looks okay from a distance) with the exception of the blade itself which appears to be thin steel and  the bolts that keep it together. The only assembly needed is attaching the handle (just push it in) onto the blade assembly.The trimmer features:- inch and metric rulers- a protective guard rail- a blade latch hook- a largely meaningless 10-year limited warranty (you pay for shipping, does not cover the blade)Putting it to the test, I found that it does cut photo paper well. The cut is straight and the blade cuts through the paper with no difficulty. Because of the guard rail, I doubt that you can squeeze more than a few sheets at a time but that's not a big issue for me because I will be cutting photos only and I doubt that I will ever stack more than 2 or 3 sheets at the most.Inside the box there's a note that says that Swingline is GBC's new name.One (almost) good comment on the seller. Shipping was quick and the item came in perfect condition but the packaging wasn't exactly state of the art.__________________________Six months update:Still cuts well so that self-sharpening claim on the blade may hold some truth. On the other hand, I only cut a couple hundred sheets so I can say it's great for casual use and it COULD be good for heavier cutting activities.
By way of disclosure, I received a sample of this product for evaluation purposes.The only guillotine trimmer I ever used with any frequency was my mother's.  It was a heavy unit, made largely of hardwood with a heavy spring-loaded arm.  It was hardly portable -- it weighed a lot.This Swingline trimmer is much lighter, with the surfaces made of plastic.  It's easy to get it out when you have a job that calls for it.It has a sharp blade that cuts paper cleanly without requiring excessive force.  It is reasonably stable on a table.It can deal with sheets of paper bigger than the standard 8.5&#34;x11&#34; size, having a 15&#34; cutting length.  If you need to trim legal paper lengthwise, this trimmer can do it.Overall, it is a fine trimmer and isn't too expensive.  If you only need a trimmer for occasional use, I'd recommend it.
I have used its 12-inch sibling for over a year now, and have been very impressed with its functioning and its reliability.Except for its length, this trimmer is identical in all respects, including the ease with which it can be setup.I have used it for all sort of projects for the kids, including cutting photo stock for passport photographs, and the cuts are clean and true.It definitely works as advertised.~A_E~
I received this 15-inch model for review from Amazon. I already own the same trimmer but in the 12-inch model. They're both the same except for the size.The trimmer is mostly plastic and feels lightweight, but it stays stable when cutting and is solidly built. The lightness of the unit is actually a plus for me sincce I keep it in the closet until I need it. It's easy to move around.Assembly is easy -- you basically slot the arm in and you're ready to go. I use my 12-inch model about once a week. I cut about five sheets at a time to make sure the cut is straight, but I think you could get away with up to 10. The same is true for the 15-inch model.I'd give five stars to this unit if it were just a bit less expensive. But compared to a wooden cutter, the price is reasonable. If I were using the cutter more often and to cut more than paper (say, thicker paper or cardboard stock), I'd think about getting a more sturdy model. But with this model, the blade stays sharp and is more than adequate for paper cutting.
This Swingline Lite Classic Cut is a standard size cutter but is light weight so you can move it around if needed. It's nice to cut coupons or whatever else you may be doing like craft projects. It is easy to move around and store if you have the room. Because it was called &#8220;lite&#8221;, I thought it would be a smaller size but it's just lighter in weight than others that I've used. It still takes up quite a bit of room.It has measurement markings and a grid on the the cutting board to help with measuring and lining up your cutting projects.There is a locking mechanism for the arm which is nice. I have another one that you can not lock the arm in place and I worry about the safety of that one.I noticed that is states it is for the occasional 10-sheet cutting project so I think this would be suited to homework, coupons, etc but may not stand up to daily use in an office or classroom.
I like this for making straight consistent cuts - I've used it to print 2 flyers or cards on 1 piece of paper and cut it in half.  The blade is extremely sharp and the board is lightweight plastic.  I easily store this under my bed to keep it out of the way and off a desk.
I've used a lot of these guillotine trimmers at schools and half thought it would be one of those but when this arrived, I found that it really is a "lite" copy of one of them. And considering that one of those institutional ones can cost 3 times as much, this is not bad.Except for the blades and the green rail, the body is completely made of plastic. It's light weight, which means it'll be easy to move around, but it also means that when you lift the blade, you will need to push the body down, otherwise the whole body just comes up.Function:You use a cutter mainly to make long straight cuts or for craft work when scissors won't work or you don't want to use a ruler and a craft knife. As such the cutter works well enough. The website says you can cut up to 10 sheets at once, which seems generous but doable with a lot of effort and I mean a lot. I probably wouldn't do more than 6 pieces to avoid dulling the blade or breaking something. In any case, the green safety rail limits the amount of paper you can feed into the blade.Thinking to the future, I think I would use this cutter mainly for precision work, rather than heavy duty cutting due to it's "lite" nature.Safety:It has a small lock that prevents the blade when not in use. It is definitely safer than the institutional cutters I've used before but it is still very sharp and can definitely take fingers off.Overall, an inexpensive light version of an institutional strength cutter. Good for the price and precision work when you want to have accurate straight cuts. I'm thinking that this will probably see a lot of use in our home.
This is a plastic Guillotine from Swingline. All that plastic and light weight may make it feel a bit on the cheaper side, especially if you are used to the heavier guillotine. But, this works just as well. It comes with the usual inch and metric ruler and the alignment grid. It has a protective guardrail to protect your precious little fingers.I have used it for about 3 weeks now and it has worked well. It cuts in straight lines and the cut is neat. I really like it and it has replaced my old guillotine (which I gave back to my sister...the original owner).
The Swingline ClassicCut is lightweight and very sharp.  The safety latch is under the handle, and snaps securely into place, making it safer than other safety latches.  There is a ruler built into the top and middle of the surface, and the middle ruler includes metric.  The Swingline looks nice, and matches the picture.  It will cut 10 sheets, but for straight cuts I would recommend no more than 5 or 6.  Overall, a good product.
First of all, the handle is not installed, you need to root around in the box for it.  Takes one second to put on.Just got finished cutting out flashcards from cardstock, 750 of them (so over 300 cut) and 200 sheets of regular paper in half (400 cuts).  Also tried it on photos.Pros:It easily cuts 6 sheets of cardstock (110lb weight) consistentlyRaised edge makes it pretty easy to keep stacks of paper straight.It will cut &#8220;slivers&#8221;  (as small as 2mm wide) off of sturdy paper (photo paper or cardstock).Easy to store , it is pretty lightweight.  With the green handle installed it is 22in (including handle) by 13in by  2.75 deep (the handle part)You can lock the arm in place.Cons:With regular paper, it has a harder time with slivers, it tends to smoosh the paper a bit.I wish it had labels across the top, not just of inches and cm but where to align for cutting standard sheets in half (for both long and short directions).  I ended up marking these on it with a Sharpie to speed up my project.This is NOT a product for use in a school or if you have to cut hundreds of sheets of paper every day.  It is great for home use.
If you want to cut large pieces of paper straight, this is a great choice for home. It works just like the big heavy-duty paper cutters at the elementary schools. You lift up the arm with the sharp blade, slide the paper where you want it and bring the arm down to cut. It&#8217;s got marks to measure any length up to 15 inches and provides a nice, straight cut.For the most part, it works very well for me. I tried to cut eight pages of 22 pound regular copy paper and found that was too much. The middle of the blade got stuck, or wouldn&#8217;t easily cut. I found six pages worked better. This unit is light-weight and easy to move around. It works best on a sturdy surface like a table or counter. The only thing I don&#8217;t like about it is that it won&#8217;t fit in the box when fully assembled. It came with the handle not attached to the cutting arm. It popped on easily, but to store it in the closed box, I would have to remove the handle. I don&#8217;t want the handle to get loose over time from being removed and put back on, so I store it with the end of the box open and hope not too much dust gets in.
I've used print at home business cards before, and they always left a rough edge.  There was no way around it- you could tell you printed them at home.  I have to say however, that these "Clean Edge" business cards are a vast improvement on the past!  To a trained eye, you can still see the edge was that of a tear-away, but they look pretty darn good!  I wouldn't be embarrassed to pass these out, as I was with the older versions.
I thought when I received this I was going to get the same old DIY, perforated business cards that look so incredibly awful and don't pass the mustard in anyone's world. So when these came and had that super clean edge I was very glad it actually was what it said it was going to be. My only issue is with the thickness of the cardstock. It's not really that "buy a box of business cards at a print shop" type quality, but for a student just out of college or someone looking to grow their small business, I think this is an excellent project. Not high quality enough for executives, but definitely a nice product for everyone else. Also, it's a matte finish, not the typical glossy. I was also impressed by the Avery website that helped me create my design: I was able to upload my own .pdf logo and delete all their wordage and basically create my own. They could use a "Blank" format on their website, but I deleted one of their designs easily enough then made my own. It let me save my design as a .pdf document so I can go back and print more anytime. Printing is easy with the arrows they provide, and rethread it through to print the second side. 10 cards to a page, so a total or 8 sheets in a package. All in all, I like this product for it's clear instructions and ability to save my own design on my hard drive. I wish it had thicker cardstock.
Avery Clean- Edge Business Cards are designed to produce professional- looking business cards directly from your home office printer. I wear several different hats throughout the week and I have separate business cards for my many different occupations. Some of my business cards are ordered online, but others, I design and print myself. Avery Clean- Edge Business cards have proven to be a good business card for this purpose.So, what are the advantages with Avery Clean Edge Business Cards? The quality I noticed first was the easy separation of the cards after printing. You bend the cards and they snap apart with ease. It is amazing how they hold themselves together so well during handling and printing, yet they snap apart so easily. I also like that the ink dries quickly and doesn't smear. And, of course, it is nice to have a product like this handy when you need business cards quickly and don't have the time to wait for an order to arrive in the mail.On the negative side, these business cards are quite thin. Other consumers have noticed and stated the same thing, and it is very true. They are more like a piece of heavyweight paper than a card, and this is something to consider if you contemplate making a purchase. Also, I have found that the printing works best if I feed one sheet at a time through my printer. If I place two or more sheets in the feeder and print, there is a good chance the print one the second, third, etc., sheets will gradually slide down. This doesn't happen if the sheets are fed individually and, in fact, this is exactly what Avery recommends. Some printers may work fine with multiple sheets fed at once, but to play it safe, feed only one at a time.Business cards are a necessity and Avery Clean- Edge Business Cards are a good product to have on hand when you want to make business cards or some other item. The cost per card works out to about eleven or twelve cents each, which isn't necessarily cheap, but the cards offer the convenience of in- home printing and thus the price isn't too bad. Add to that the clean breaking action and the lack of any smearing and you have a good business card for general use.
There really isn't anything very complicated about hand made business cards. I've never found a paper that gives the cards the same look as a professionally printed card, and this paper is no different. (I do give room for the possibility that the look of the cards is more the fault of my printer or my design ability.) The snap-break does give the cards a cleaner look than a perforated card would give, but in the end, they still look like something you printed at home from your computer. The cards look great and the instructions are simple, but if I'm looking for new business cards, I'm going to go one of two ways. Either I'm going to order them from a professional company or I'm going to make them at home with a cheaper paper. With so many online companies offering professional cards at such low prices, I wonder if there is any real market for products like this.
These cards are fairly easy to use and nice quality (thick and smooth, nice bright white). You *will* have to work with templates in your software, which is always a little bit of a hassle, and sometimes you have to print out a few "test cards" to make sure that it all lines up and looks the way you like. If your printer is temperamental, like our printers are, you will also have to feed each sheet individually and wait for the printing process to complete. If you have an hour or so of spare time, and are fairly adept at using your word processing software, this product should be a breeze to work with.However, in this day and age, there are several online sites that offer free (or very close to it- under $10) professionally made cards, complete with glossy finish or embossing. After years and years or doing my own business cards with Avery products, I finally gave in and gave one of these sites a whirl and was very pleased with the quality of the cards and would NEVER go back to doing my own. Google "free business cards" for information.If you need to print small quantities of cards, or frequently need to change the information on your cards, doing it yourself is the way to go, and Avery products are the best you can get.
I make handcrafted pens from exotic woods and sell them at craft shows. I have a card made up for each kind of wood that I use and give it with the pen when I sell them. I only have 27 different flavors of woods and 10 different styles of pens, each with its own care card. Add to that my own card and that makes a lot of cards to be printing and cutting!I've been doing the cards the hard way and printing them on card stock and then cutting them out. With these its so much easier! The only thing about them is that sometimes they dont separate clean. Sometimes the cards don't come apart clean and it pulls up a little feather of paper on the edge ruining that card. That's why I only gave them four stars. Now if I can get them in different colors I'll never use card stock for them again!
These make easy and fast business cards, however they seem to lack the true professional look of real ink on a gloss card.  A business card is important for impression of your business, therefore I would prefer the professional route that ink jet just can not give.They are easy to set up and use.  If you are sending trial balloons with your card these might do.
These business cards are heavy, bright white, and truly look unperforated when "clicked" apart. They should take ink very well, and you'll be able to make some decent-looking cards with them if you know what you are doing. Avery provides assistance with a number of templates, or you can design them yourself if you're good with graphic design and typography.I was a bit disappointed when my box of cards arrived for review, however, because one side had been crushed in shipping. The two-sided printing feature was what I was most interested in testing with these cards, because I often need to custom-print a few "mini-brochure" business cards in addition to my regular two-sided, four-color cards. There was no way those crumpled sheets were going to go through my printer without jamming, so I decided to use them to make business card holders for small table signs. (Search the Instructables site for "Simple business card iPhone / iPod stand.") They are stiff enough for that purpose, so I'll get good use from them. And I'll buy them in the future, too, when I need custom business cards because they are a quite handy product.
It's been a while since I had last attempted to print my own business cards, and the memories of those times did not make me overly optimistic about the viability of the whole do-it-yourself approach to business cards. These always looked jagged on the edges, printed on a poor quality paper with the print quality that screamed cheap home printer. However, Avery cards turned to be quite something else. The Clean Edge turned out to be just that - almost completely smooth edges on par with the professionally printed cards. The paper too is thick and of high quality.The business card templates that are downloadable from the Avery website, however, did not impress me all that much. Most of them are rather plane looking, and the selection is very meager. The templates that can be used online were not very intuitive in terms of how they need to be used, and I never got too far with them. The website also provides a downloadable card design program that supposedly works with MS Word. The program is rather large (134 MB), and comes with no instructions on how to use it. The program seems to have installed correctly on my computer, but I was unable to access any of its features from MS Word.Overall, these are remarkably well done blank printable business cards, and if used with a laser printer will provide almost professional-quality results. However, if you are more particular about how you want to design your business cards, you might want to try some other solution.
I used this Avery business card paper to make name cards for my side business. Since it is just a casual side business, I don't need the most elaborate business card in the world, but I do need to look professional. These worked out very well. Most computers and printers support Avery configurations, and once I had my file, it was very simple to print sharp looking business cards. The paper is lined with a crisp plastic that separates neatly and gives the card a nice weight and feel. The micro-small perforations don't leave an edge that would be mistaken for print-shop-cut cards, but the soft fuzzy edge is not obtrusive and appears smooth to all but the sharpest of eyes. If you are a graphics designer or something along those lines and need an elaborate color design or full edge-to-edge color print, these cards will probably not be suitable, as the torn edge always leave something to be desired when it has ink on it. But if you are just putting your name, title, contact information, and maybe a small logo or something like that within the normal print margins, these are more than adequate and definitely more professional looking than most business card stock out there. This is a good product that will fit most users' needs, which is why I give it four stars.
The Avery Clean Edge Business Cards are a good alternative to professionally printed business cards if you have a limited budget and need business cards immediately for a meeting or networking event. As long as you're using a good inkjet or laser printer and you take your time to design a good business card then the Avery Clean Edge cards work great.If you look closely you can tell these aren't the same quality as professionally printed cards, so if your schedule and budget allows you really should order cards from one of the dozens of online business card services, but when you're in a pinch these cards get the job done.My wife recently used these Avery Clean Edge cards at a business presentation where she had to unveil the staging/demo site for a new website. She printed the company logo and the staging site URL on these cards and gave them to everyone at the meeting so they could visit the staging site at their leisure and email follow-up questions to her after the presentation. I think that was the best use of these Avery cards thus far.Bottom line: the Avery Clean Edge Business Cards are fine if you're tight on cash and need business cards fast, but they don't quite match the quality of professionally printed business cards.
I was very impressed with the quality of these cards. They print well and easily, even on my old Canon S630 inkjet, break apart easily, leave very clean edges, and can be printed on both sides.I used a whole pack testing, and did not have a single problem, paper jam, or misprint. The paper holds the ink nicely, and is of a high quality. The edges of the cards are far more smooth than earlier Avery stock, and there are no rough spots or hanging bits of fiber after separating the cards.While there are those who advise against printing your own cards instead of having them professionally printed, I would say that the flexibility and functionality of using these cards far outweighs any negative. Anyone who judges a person based on whether they have professionally printed business cards or not will be easily misled anyway. Best to avoid doing business with someone like that.Although you can print on both sides, I didn't try that.I recommend these and will use them again myself.
These are the best you will be able to get at home.  On the plus side, you have infinate customization, colors and graphics without any added cost.  On the downside you have to do it yourself and there is no embossed lettering.  If you need basic business cards, these will pass muster just fine. Nevertheless, remember that some of the best business cards are very basic with no graphics and a nice font.  If all you want is a basic one color text only card, you will probably do better at an office supply store.You need MS Word and an internet connection to download the template.The card stock is average - nothing American Psycho special.  The perforations don't really show unless you are looking for them very carefully .
Good for making your own business cards for a pretty reasonable price. Whether your starting your own business or just want to show off to your friends it's a pretty decent product. The cards are a little thinner than normal but that's probably so that it fits and feeds through your printer properly. They are very easy to use and can be done by using no software. Avery has provided a website for uploading images or choosing from pre-made templates. Overall it's a nice product and you get a decent amount for the price.
I've been using Avery 8371 business cards for several years now, and my only complaint was that the edges were not completely smooth. The Avery 28878 "Smooth Edge" business cards solve that limitation and more.Compared to the regular 8371, the 28878 offers:- completely smooth edges for a more professional finished presentation (absolutely no micro-perforations)- higher quality finish on side #1So why can't I give them 5 stars? Several reasons:- despite the upgraded finish on side #1, side #2 actually bleeds more on my Canon inkjet in the highest qualityAvery's instructions say to always print in the highest quality, but in reality this is only for side #1 - use standard quality (less ink) when printing on side#2- compared to the regular 8371, the price difference is significant (nearly 3x more expensive at Amazon's discounted pricing)If you need a professional finish, however that price is worth it.For over 11 cents per card, you're probably still saving money vs a professional printer, but this should be considered.
These Avery Business Card Sheets are great. Why pay big money at your local PrintShop for more cards than you need when you can just use these sheets in your PC andprint them as you need them? It's a no-brainer, really.There are some caveats...you need to have pretty good software, along with the ability to use it properly. I didn't use anything fancy, just a Broderbund Print Shop CD that is a few years old, but still very useful. (You can go to [...] and use their software, but I didn't feel the need to do so.) You should have a nice quality printer- I use an HP Photo Printer- and fresh ink cartrides. I find that cartridges that are nearly empty don't work that well. You should also accept the fact that your results will not be EXACTLY like offset-printed cards, but will still be very nice for most purposes.In a matter of minutes, I designed and printed some nice-looking color cards featuring a photo and type layout. I am an artist, and they looked good to me. The Avery stock is smooth and bright and should be quite versatile. What's not to like?
This is a great product for someone who needs a low volume of cards or likes to switch things up often.  Or maybe you just don't have a firm idea on what you want and want a few testers.  Easy to separate, good quality.  Only as good as you printer though!
Avery has created a really nice Do It Yourself Business Card Sheet with these Clean Edge Business Cards. The size is great, 2 inches by 3 1/2 inches and they have a matte finish. The cards can be printed on BOTH sides, and each side of the sheet have arrows to show how to insert them into the printer, so you never make a mistake. I prefer glossy finished cards, but the colors come out looking nice and vivid on the matte finish, so this is just as good. Amazingly, after printing, when you punch out the cards, the edges are sleek and clean- no perforations, so you get a professional looking finished card. Avery includes their web site address where you log on to get full and easy directions to print your cards.These cards are great for many uses other than business cards, as their size and ability to print on 2 sides, give you an endless world of options. I've printed cards up with calendars on one side and clients tend to keep these in their wallets, keeping your company's name in view every time someone looks at a calendar date. The only thing I wish Avery would change is the thickness of the cards, as they are thinner than I would like. If they would make the cards thicker, they would look completely professional and this would make the product perfect!
The Avery Clean Edge Business Cards came out of my printer looking very nice. I have an older printer which is an Epson Stylus CX4200. The cards came out nicely centered on the card stock and the printing and picture is crisp and clean. I was sure to change the settings of my printer to let it know that it was thicker card stock and told it to use the best print setting. The ink dried very quickly so there was no worry about smearing the cards. The top and bottom of the card edges seem to come out cleaner than the side edges of the cards. The side edges still feel a little rough. While these are not as thick as a professional business card, they are decent and good to use for somebody that may just be starting up or need cards in a hurry. The price is good for what you get so that is also a plus for someone who may have a small budget to start out with. The web site was super easy to use to design the business cards. There were a lot of premade cards to choose from and all you have to do is put your personal information on the cards. There is also templates so you can design your own cards from scratch. I used a premade template to do my cards and I had them all done with in 5 minutes. Overall, a good product for the price that you pay. If your looking for professional business cards though, these probably aren't for you as the card stock is thinner than professional cards.
I love the crisp, clean look of my organized binder.  I used the Avery template with success but had a bit of difficulty navigating it.  You will have an attractive, neat result with this product.  The colors may not be suitable for all applications but they work very well for me with the organization of my graduate studies as well as the organization of the resources in my classroom.  In both instances the vivid colors are beneficial. My only concern would be in making the site more user friendly.
I like these dividers because they are more sturdy and easy to use as well as there is a great page to note what is behind each tab.  I will use them in my business for years to come.  I highly recommend this product.
These tab dividers are neat and very professional looking. I used them for paper-filing of tax returns this year. Nice to be able to organize different tax forms and associated documents (copies of receipts etc) using these tab dividers. The different colored sets also make it easy to categorize. The tabs are made of paper material so you can write on them. The only thing I would have liked is label stickers on a separate sheet on which you can possibly print and paste to the tabs - just like address labels.Overall, neat set of tabs.
The Avery Ready Index allows a presenter to create their own index for their notes.  The sheets are numbered 1-5 and each sheet has a space to list the items within the division.  This is a good product.  The cons are that I wonder how many presenters use notebooks any more.  As a teacher, I do, but I am moving away from the need for notebooks the more I use PowerPoint.  I was also disappointed that the tabs are prenumbered 1-5.  There are several sets in a package but I would've preferred the ability to number or letter as I saw fit.  The product itself is the great quality you expect from Avery.
I have used this kind of boxes in moving many times. One thing I like about it is that you can flatten it once you are done with the move. It is also very easy to fold and stack up. One special feature I don't see in other brands is this "locking life-off lids". It is less likely to lift open accidentally. It comes with different strength. This one is medium duty, which is quite versatile. You just have to remember that you don't load it with only those hard cover books. I need to use extra-duty boxes for them.
Bankers Boxes come in very handy for storing anything from files to toys to holiday decorations or anything else you need to stash away. These boxes are easy to assemble, easy to carry and easy to stack. Plastic storage containers might be a little cheaper on sale at retail stores.
These boxes are easy to assemble except the protective pieces that fold into the carrying holes don't fold into holes well making them awkward to use. Most of the edges are protected except the two long ones on the lid which leave you vulnerable to cuts. They are a bit large. If you filled one with files of papers you'll have about the equivalent of about two boxes of printer paper. If you don't have to move them often that much weight might be ok. But they are sturdy and easy to put together.
The Bankers Box is very quick to assemble, and works just fine.  However, it is not that much quicker or higher quality than a traditional folding storage box, so I would just compare prices.  Overall, it's a quality product.Also, though not factored into the review, please note that 24&#34; long means you have a lot more weight in the box to carry.  You may want two smaller boxes instead.
I am a definite fan of boxes that do not require tape to keep them closed.  The string and button on these works just fine, and it's a classic technique.  I like it.Construction is good.  These are "medium-duty" boxes, so they aren't super thick or double walled.  However, they feel nicely made to me.  Assembly is a breeze - just incredibly easy to fold them into place.Definitely look at the length of these!  24" long isn't the "normal" size of file boxes that a lot of folks buy, and you'll want to make sure that these are the size you want for storing.  They caught me off guard at first, but they certainly do store a lot of files.  As a note - these won't holding hanging file folders.All of that said, the (current) price is shocking to me.  Over $9 a box in a pack of four?  To me, that's way too much.  These are nice, but they're more like $4 boxes, IMO.  So, I recommend the design and quality, but I also recommend that you wait for a better price on these.
I'm in the process of moving which is a big enough pain, but boxes are extremely expensive.  This is no expensive.  $20 for a pack of 4 is a little bit above average.  The file boxes themselves are well constructed and easily fit letter files.  I would double tape to make sure that things don't fall along the edges.  They are not super flimsy, but I will not be able to use them again after the move.  I'm definitely expecting some worn edges.
Size: 10&#34; x 12&#34; x 24&#34; inch-Note the 24 inch long...These Bankers boxes are really strong and well-made. They open up and fold together in a snap to use.They don't have a separate lid, but an integrated fold down lid, that ties quickly by wrapping a string around a disk.  You can see it in the picture of the box.If you have 24&#34; or longer shelf to store these upon, there is a plastic handle to pull and push them by.  It is right under the words &#34;bankers box&#34; also in the picture, and is quite helpful!I have had a couple of these boxes for many years and they are still strong!! They are perfect for old files, books, toys, clothes, art supplies, etc.  They are a refreshing change from all of the plastic boxes we seem to have accumulated.  As long as you have a dry place to keep them, they are really a well made box.
I was able to put together one of the four boxes in this pack within 5 minutes - just pop out, fold over the sides just a bit and there you have your box!  It is very sturdy yet easy to carry though that will change as you add and add and add contents.  The handles fold over so they are double thickness as is the bottom of the box.  The paper is very easy to write on or to place stickers on whichever method you prefer to use.However this is supposed to have a string and button means of closer and it doesn't --- it has a fold-down lid that fits snuggly on it.  While that works great for me it isn't what the product is supposed to be.  Did they send me the wrong one?
These boxes definitely are heavy duty and very suitable for long-term storage of records, in my closet.  In the process of assembling them, I noticed that there was absolutely no unwanted bending of the cardboard. Of course this means that the boxes are easily stackable.  While they will accommodate either regular or legal file folders, they will not accommodate the hanging Pendaflex files, so they lose a star with me.  You can hook the white hooks of the Pendaflex files over the edge of the box, but then the lid will not fit.  These boxes are somewhat pricey currently at $6.78 apiece plus tax, but in my opinion, they are worth the price for storage of important papers or valuable items.
Let me start off that I'm in the accounting world and there is always lots of stuff that goes into storage boxes (especially at year-end), where they go off into a storeroom until we can shred the stuff. You should see the pallets stacked full of bankers boxes in the warehouse waiting for their date with the shredder man. We use A LOT of these, and have used them for years. We aren't brand friendly, we just buy whatever brand of bankers boxes the big warehouse store is selling - and that does change from time to time. IMHO they're all pretty much the same quality and ease of set-up, and this was no exception. Unfold the box, push down the sides and you're good to go and stuff away whatever it is you need to store.Would I buy these? Yes, but I did compare the listed price for a four-pack here at Amazon and compared to a ten-pack at that big warehouse store and noticed their price is lower and you get six more. Not everyone is going to need six more, I wouldn't need that many at home.
These are great business boxes for storage of any files you might need to put away long term. The boxes are made of heavy cardboard construction and will clearly last a long time and hold up over time. My only complaint is that they are a little shallow as storage boxes go.Overall, though, not bad at all.
I use these boxes to store my tax receipts and paperwork each year.They are easy and intuitive to fold, and are made out of 100% recycled materials.They can store traditional letter-size manilla folders, or turned to a landscape orientation, can store legal-sized folders.A get a year's worth of receipts into each box, so the size is adequate.
These banker boxes are a little smaller than regular storage boxes, or mover's boxes.I didn't use these boxes for files and folders. Instead, I use them to help us organize those odds and ends stuff around the house. The tops fit nicely and are sturdy enough for stacking.Overall, these boxes are made of heavy cardboard construction. I am confident they will last long time.
You could use these boxes for files, but I mainly use them for other assorted items and they're great. Being smaller than regular storage boxes works well for me and they are suitable to hold anything that isn't too heavy. They come flat, but they're easy to put together.
The ubiquitous cardboard box...a necessity for layperson and business use.  That said I need a box that is affordable and reasonably strong.  The Bankers Box File just makes the grade.  It's only medium density cardboard so it isn't the very last word in strength, but it gets the job done and doesn't break this banker's box (couldn't resist).  Single-ply construction with extra-layer bottom reinforcement.  Lids have side ears that reinforce the pick-up holes plus can be used to kind of secure lid, nice enough.  These were slightly less deep than some of my oldest boxes and frankly I don't mind that since some of those boxes actually sag in the middle when picked up repeatedly.  Yes, I like these enough to give them a good rating and certainly would buy again.
I work in a business that still has a lot of legacy paper files, so we are constantly preparing closed files for storage by putting them in bankers boxes then stacking them in either the attic or basement of the office.  We usually buy the cheaper boxes which have to be folded in a rather complicated manner, but the sides have started to break down and cause problems with the stacks falling over spilling papers out of the top.  While those papers will more than likely never be needed again and/or exist also as electronic copies, they probably do constitute a mess that we would like to clean up.This file box is described as medium duty but it's still sturdier than our previous file boxes.  It also is rather easy to assemble with a couple of pushes-- I confess I couldn't get it to straighten out but my partner who normally is a bit file fox assembly challenged figured it out promptly.My problem with the lid?  Tendency to tear for some reason.  I had to put a piece of tape on two of them, but they were going to be taped down when full any way so it was more esthetic than a real problem.
I love that this file holder has 20 pockets, marked for A-Z, and is of a large size to accommendate your needs. But the flap is pretty flimsy and after only 2 weeks of use, I keep it pinned back out of the way, as I am worried it will rip if I don't, from constant use. . Instead I added a large rubber band to keep papers in for now. As I'm keeping it in a file drawer, it should be fine and handle the wear I give it. if I was toting it back and forth, then I would worry about it not being a super heavy cardboard. I also wish it had the elastic band closure, versus the velcro, as the velcro can be too tight if the file is overstuffed. Somethings are just better old-school! But all in all, it's not a bad deal for the price.
I needed a file folder to use to organize paperwork. This does the trick nicely. I got the velcro-closure type.A plus about this closure is that it expands with the folder. I can stuff this one and still trust the closure to hold.A drawback is that once I've used it long term for holding many things, I fear the flap will be out of shape when I purge the documents it holds.I love that it comes in a deep, rich blue. There is no reason storage should be ugly. This fits in my file cabinet but also in my drawers and on my bookshelf quite nicely. All in all, it is a solid product that I can recommend.
Awesome functionality, but like many other reviews you may have noticed, they should have reinforced the flap with perhaps, double or 4x the thickness.  And this is due in part to the Velcro being so strong that it's adhesion will invariably warp or weaken the flap.  Other than that though, construction and materials is good.
This item is 10 X 12 inches. An A - Z index is included. Not every letter has its own pocket. (There are 21 slots.) Each slot holds a pretty fair amount of paper. I only use standard computer paper in these files; therefore, I am unsure about other paper sizes. Yet for my needs, no paper sticks out above the file's top. The pockets are deep.The closing flap is thin. I have to pull to get the flap's lock to come loose, so I do not expect the closing flap to last too long. The color is a dark blue, which makes reading the slot labels/letters a bit difficult.All-in-all, this is a good product if your eyesight is good.
This expanding (accordion-style) folder is well made of material similar to manila folder. There are 21 sections that each easily expand to about 1/2 inch, but could expand a bit further if needed. I imagine it would get a bit more flexible once used for a while.Good:- Velcro closure accommodates expanding folder easily and holds fast- Unlike many plastic files of this type, the bottom of the file can expand as much as the top so you aren't limited by the bottom width- 21 sections is quite a fewBad:- Cover is think and you have to be careful when undoing the Velcro. You can't just pull any which wayThink about:- The pockets are deep. The overall depth is 10 inches so an 8.5&#34; x 11&#34; sheet on its side is about 1&#34; down in the file. When a section gets full it isn't easy to flip through the papers while they are in the file; you have to pull them out to do so.- Paper does eventually wear out- If you don't need all 21 pockets then there is a lot of extra bulk
Year ago, began using an expanding file to organize the printed manuals that come with my electronic devices. It make it so much easier to find them when you need them if they are all alphabetized in one place. I still keep my printed manuals in such  an organizer today, even though you can often download a digital copy as well nowadays.I did not, however, store the manuals for my kitchen well as instructions. For that reason, I&#8217;ve always kept those manuals loose on my cookbook book case. Those are starting to become hard to find now so wanted another organizer for kitchen gadgets.I got the Wilson Jones ColorLife Expanding File with Flap, A-Z Index, 10 x 12 Inches, Letter Size, Dark Blue (WCCC7117A-BL) for the kitchen manuals and it works well. It is well built and sturdy enough for cardboard. I expect it will last several years before I need to replace it. I have found that the cardboard wears out faster than the plastic models do.One big omission, however, is the absence of a handle. I had expected it to have one on top like my other one does. I didn&#8217;t realize they still made these without handles. That makes it so much easier to carry it when you need to.The front closure is Velcro and is strong, yet easy to open. The dividers are well marked and alphabetized.While I like this organizer, when it wears out I will replace it with a plastic one that has a handle for easy carrying. If you want a cardboard one without a handle, this might be suitable for you.
If you are looking for something to hold all your annual papers (as long as they are mostly 8.5&#34; x 12&#34; - this is a good option.  Expands as wide as you will need and made of durable quality vs. others I've used in the past which have torn.  I've taken one star off for the top flat closure.  Don't mind that it's thin.  Do mind that the velcro doesn't hold as well, or compress the folder as much as ones I've had with strings that go around them.
When I first saw this, I thought it would be way too flimsy.  Actually, the material it's made of is pretty thin and it closes with a very strong piece of Velcro so when I opened it, it wrinkled a little bit.  I thought that would be the end of it for me because I don't like it when things look flawed.  But, I started filling it up anyway and then realized that I did like it afterall.There is plenty of room in the file and the flap expands to as wide as you fill it. As I mentioned before, it closes with Velcro and it does stay very securely closed.  What I like the best is that I was able to write on it with a black Sharpie.  I really don't care for just A, B, C, etc., so I was able to write in Insurance, etc. and that should help keep me a little more organized.  I also wrote the years of the information I put in the file on the flap so I'll be able to find what I'm looking for easier.  I'm pretty happy with it.
Despite all of our computers and smartphones, we still have to save lots of paper every year, for business, school, taxes, etc. This folder works fine. I have the alphabetical style, though the (also available) monthly style would work better for some uses. Construction is all cardboard and paper, but the bottom is heavy stock and should last a while if kept in a desk or file cabinet somewhere. If you carry it around with you, it may not last. The top and inside are made from lighter weight card stock. I am a little concerned that the top flap is too lightweight to last as long as I'd like to keep my records. Again, durability depends a lot on your use case.
I love the color of this file and it seems sturdy enough after only having it a month.  It has nice large pockets and really expands well. The bottom is a bit thicker to hold weight but the top flap/cover is a little irritating.  I love that it has a cover/flap to keep papers from falling out but I have to really yank the velcro to get it to release and open.  Last time I used it I thought that is may rip.  It hasn't yet.My daughter has confiscated it to use as her school-work file to keep things organized so it will be getting a lot of use.  It comes with some labels It is made of 50% recycled product so at least that's a good start.  Handy and useful file but we will see how sturdy it is with lots of use.
I have the Letter variation of this expanding file folder.  Each letter is printed between on the file and you just drop whatever you need to file between the paper slots.  If you've got very basic filing needs, this is perfect.  If you are particular about your filing, you may need to get creative with labeling unless you don't mind some overlap.For instance, if you're filing multiple things, such as utility bills, important documents, tax papers, and medical bills, you'd either have to put &#34;LabCorp&#34; and &#34;lease addendums&#34; together, or create one spot for Medical (maybe under M) and one spot for property documents. I'm a bit anal retentive sometimes, so this was an issue for me - just figuring out where to put what so that I didn't have to search multiple pockets, but didn't have too many things in one file.I wish the closure were different.  Since there isn't much in my file at the moment (largely because I'm still figuring out wher to put everything without making me batty), the Velcro strip isn't much of an issue, but I could see that as it fills, it may become less of a closure at all, for one, and for two, it may not survive many openings and closings as I add paid bills or other important papers several times a month.  If you save all your filing for once a month, this may not bother you, either.  I am considering using my snap press to convert the Velcro strip to a simple snap, but will update later (with pictures) if I do.Happy filing!
This is a very good filing system. I have bought other filing systems, but this looks heavy duty, and will last longer than the others I have bought.
This is a very nice file folder if you are looking for an alphabetical (NOT MONTHLY) file folder. There is a file for A to Z. Great for anything you file by Letter rather then month such as clients or it is nice for recipes too, which is what I am using it for, example C for chicken recipes, B for beef recipes etc.. It has a very secure velcro closure but it does cause the cover to bend when you pull to open it thus 4 not 5 stars, would have probably been better if the velcro had been placed at the very bottom rather then top to avoid this. Still a very sturdy file folder I would recommend.
Before I mention anything else, I need to point out that this filer is NOT a square box. From the picture, it looks like a box with dividers and tabs. It's actually very skinny (probably 2 inches or so in width) and folds up like an accordion. For some, this may be disappointing (it makes it harder to manage) while others will be thrilled (takes up less space). I like that it takes up less space, but the quality of the material suffers a bit to allow it to shrink up so thin.The divers are pre-labeled A-Z, which limits what purposes you can use the file for. Would be nice for teachers or someone who files things alphabetically. The amount of papers you can put in per slot is fairly roomy, but not especially so since there's so many tabs. Also, the more you file the &#34;fatter&#34; the folder gets and the bulkier it becomes. The Velcro flab does fasten nicely.OVERALL: No major complaints. The material is cheap enough that you shouldn't expect this folder to last a long time, but it does do a nice job of organizing your papers in a slim and travel-friendly way. I would definitely recommend it for on-the-go business and not a master space for your important documents.
The Wilson Jones tabs are durable, sturdy and for non-generics well priced.  I found them to be adequate for reference use, and only time will tell how they ultimately hold up but they appear to be well made.
This is a packet of 8 fairly sturdy dividers.  Each has a clear plastic tab of a different color in a different position on the divider.  Included are 20 little foldable pieces of thin white cardboard, on which you can write labels (in very small handwriting, because the tabs are very small).  Useful for students, office workers, etc.
There are 8 dividers per package for $2.56.  I have gotten cheaper dividers at the dollar store or at Target.  What's good is the reinforced hole strip which hopefully will keep the divider from ripping.  Having said that, I have never had cheaper dividers rip so I'm not sure that's necessary.  They worked fine for me and I am just as happy with cheaper dividers to be quite honest.
These are perfectly functional dividers with tabs in fun colors. They fit perfectly in a three ring binder. The divider itself is a neutral pale yellow but the colored tabs provide a visible treat. Blank inserts are included. These would work well in a school or office environment. Recommended.
These dividers get the job done for a cheap price. They are definitely not as durable as some others (i.e. plastic dividers), but I expect them to last for a while. I do like that they have insertable tabs, as I have seen some lately that do not.
With homeschooling, I seem to be adding more and more folders and dividers into our days. We've ended up with a great deal of the Wilson Jones products, and I have no complaints.These seem to be just like what I used when in school.While there's nothing extra special to point out about these tabs(they're pretty standard), again, I have no complaints.
These Wilson Jones Insertable Tab Dividers makes organizing our shop paperwork easy. These dividers are a little thin but they are not not in high physical stress area, so will hold up well enough in our office.Recommended!CFH
These are standard tab dividers. There are 8 dividers with multicolored tabs (and lots of extra white papers to fit in them). The dividers are not very thick and are probably better for projects that won't get a ton of traffic. But considering the price, I think these are a great buy.
These insert-able tab dividers are perfect for book reports, office organization or creating training manuals. They are yellow in color and have the standard three hole punches in them. They fit into any standard binder and they have a plastic strip that runs along the hole punches so the paper doesn't rip. The paper is strong and not fragile at all. There are eight dividers and each one has it's own color and it comes with white labels.
Even with the advent of tablets for data presentations, hard copies of reports and documents are sometimes still necessary.  These are basic 8 1/2 x 11" insertable tab dividers that provide easy organizing, sorting, and indexing of printed materials.  I like the capability of printing out the insertable mini tab sheets for a more professional and neat appearance.  Comes pre-punched for three ring binders, and the holes have plastic tape reinforcements.  After almost two months of routine use, these tab dividers are holding up alright.  Long term durability remains to be seen.
I have been using Wilsonjones products for as long as I can remember and have never had a bad product from them. This is not an exception. The best are the color coded tabs-I just redid my finances file folder-which were in desparate need for replacement with this product and love the result. Firm not cheap materials. Easy to use.Would buy in the future!
These are conventional tab dividers. The paper is not as study as others I've used, but there is a reinforcing strip to -hopefully- keep the holes from breaking out. They are a generous number of paper tab inserts, are enough for many re-uses with new titles. There are no pockets on the paper parts, which are too lightweight to support that anyway. if the paper was sturdier I'd give them five stars, as is... I'd recommend them for lighter use applications. For that they are probably fine.
These 8-tab dividers by Wilson Jones are colorful, but attached to light-weight paper. Made in China. A better buy is the Avery Heavy Duty Index Dividers. The paper is heavier and the edges of the tabs and the three holes are reinforced so to make them rip-proof. Made in USA!
These are the dividers I use in my kids workbook binders (homeschool). They are cheap, simple and easy to use.These dividers were great. The tabs are nice and sturdy (even for clumsy hands). They reach past the lined paper so I can easily see the sections.They are handy and a heck of a deal.
I like that this set has eight tabs.  My previous dividers came only in sets of five, and that's just not enough for my purposes.  My only issue with these is that they do get pretty ratty looking with hard use, but I just think of it as Shabby Chic.
These are good, basic dividers, though not very durable. I like that they have reinforced holes, but the divider paper is very thin; I can already tell that they won't last very long--especially with daily use--but they will be perfect for a semester or two. For the price, these dividers are exactly what I expected them to be, so I'm happy.
I really like these.  The price is right, and the tabs are sturdy.  The hole punched area is reinforced, so they shouldn't pull loose easily.  The downside:  The card stock of the actual divider is not really as thick as some others.  For light use occasionally accessed information, these would be great.  If I needed dividers for heavy use, I would try something else.
Standard dividers with reinforced holes. The paper is not terribly sturdy, but enough for all but the most high-use applications.Personally, I think I'll stick to the write-on tabs from now on. They're easier to read and use. Normally cheaper too.
With tax preparation season upon us, my documents are all gathered in one folder. Separating those documents can be a time consuming process.The Wilson Jones Insertable Tab Dividers will help me to separate my documents into more distinct categories and make the work of compiling documents for taxes much easier.There are 8 folders with multi-colored tab identifiers. They are also three hole punched  so that they can be used in a binder. We receive many tax forms for investments. These pre punched folders can help separate items such as annuities, mutual funds, periodic statements, prospectus information and life insurance. I also appreciate that the sides are reinforced so if they are taken out of a drawer many times, this will help prevent tearing.Overall, this is a product that will be very useful and timely.
These are your average tabs, except that they come in a package of 8.  Usually tabs come in 5 but having this come in 8 is very convenient.  They're a little thin so I don't expect them to last a long time with regular 'abuse'.  I like that they are all different colors and putting the paper in the tabs isn't very difficult.  Cost?  At the time of this writing...reasonable.  Recommended.
Two kids, homeschooled in 8 topics makes for a lot of papers that you end up keeping for a while.  Each child gets a set so that we can keep papers separated by subject.  It serves the purpose.  Papers are filed daily and kept for review records by state or school district officials.
These are sturdy tab dividers.  The edge that goes into a binder has some sort of plastic on one side that prevents tearing. The paper is good quality.The tabs on the edges of the dividers are about an inch and a half long and half an inch high.  Paper to put in the tabs also come with this.  As a result it is possible to write something that is readable on the tabs.There are fine tab dividers.
These are easy to use, intuitive tab dividers.  The colors are bright, the tabs are easy to read and they insert into binders with ease.  Also, at the price point they're currently at (under three dollars) they are an inexpensive buy for a variety of uses when it comes to binder sorting needs.
Got a good price on these functional dividers; free shipping makes the deal even sweeter. Eight dividers in the package were more than I needed.  Included with the dividers are plenty of paper tabs for plenty of changes of the categories. A good feature of these dividers is that each has reinforced holes, a weak link for anything binder related.I do wish the paper used for the divider sheets were made of heavier paper stock, but at this price I really can't complain too much.
The tabs are nothing new...but they work well for our binders and hold up nicely. Simple, easy, and a good color assortment.
These are so handy to have around. I use them for all sorts of organizing projects and I've found them to be very durable and long lasting. It has been extremely rare that I've thrown them out because they have become ripped or torn, especially around the holes for the rings.
These Tab Dividers are just average.  There's nothing fancy about them to set them apart from others.  I like that they're multi-colored.  That's good for my 11 and 12 year old kids for school binders.  A lot of times they just go by the color rather than the titles inserted into the tabs.  The edge with the hole-punches is reinforced.  It's not real great but just a little something extra.  My son can be pretty rough with his papers and things in his binders so any little bit of reinforcement is a plus.This set comes with 10 blank perforated tab inserts that you can use to write titles on for your tabs and then easily insert them into the tabs.  The description states that you can use your computer and print off your own tab inserts but there's no instruction on how to do this and I've checked in Microsoft Word and there's no template in there to do so.  There are some other 8-tab divider templates that I have used but had to trip down quite a bit.  I've searched online for a template as well and have yet to find one.For the price I don't think this is a bad set.  I don't want to spend a lot on dividers when I know that my son can be so rough on them.  They do the job for me as well for some of my binders that I like to store things in.  I'm not rough so I know they'll last a long time for me.If all you need is a basic set of Tab Dividers then sure, I'd recommend these.  Just know that there's nothing special about that.  They're just average and real durable.
I am using these Wilson Jones Insertable tab dividers in my notebook of home recipes. Theey&#8217;re erasable and perfectly fit a three-ring binder. Detachable paper rectangles are suitable for writing and they insert into the colored plastic tabs perfectly. Exactly what I need to keep my recipes and other household papers in place and easy to locate. They&#8217;re so handy I plan on ordering a second set for my garden journal.
I'm not quite sure how to review these dividers.  They're what you'd expect.  They... divide.  They seem durable, the punched holes are reinforced, the tabs are a good size to be clearly visible, and they come with extra tab inserts in case you can't make up your mind between &#34;Expenses&#34; and &#34;Outgoing.&#34;They will do the job, little troopers that they are.  It's true they're not flashy or showy, but sometimes the homey virtues are the best.
This large pack of dividers will certainly help you keep everything super neat. I love to use this for organizing recipes as well as whatever projects I'm working on. What I was not so thrilled about is the use of the template. On the one hand it assures that you have neatly printed tabs. On the other hand the template didn't seem to work well. I tried a few combinations before getting fed up with the slight misalignment.  It's not that bad, but it's not correct either.What I also like about the tabs is the fact that they are very sturdy so you do not have to worry about them tearing or falling out of your binder. I have tried several other tab products that use templates for tab print outs and this is easier although I found it ti be a bit misaligned.In addition to the tabbed sheets you get some handy pockets or page protectors.
I really like the bright colors of these dividers! They are also very durable as the whole divider is plastic, not just the tab. These dividers have what are called view tabs instead of insertable or stick on labels. The idea is to print all the labels on one sheet that is placed in the back so the text can be viewed through the colored transparent tabs. This works okay unless you have a very thick binder, which in that case makes it a little difficult to match up the corresponding tabs. I personally prefer the labels to be on the tab itself.
These dividers with tabs are of very nice quality. And the different colors definitely helps. But the main problem you may have with this is the fact that you have to label the tabs with a pen (or a printout). I guess you could place a paper sticker on the tab, but it was more for you to write on it. And it you use an erasable ink, then it will come off on your hands. If you use a permanent ink, then you won't be able to change it later.So knowing that, choose wisely. If you'd like to be able to change the titles on the tabs over time, this is probably not the best one for you to use. For everyone else, this will work well.
I like the finished look of this product - it's easy to switch out the sections of the report or class binder by reprinting the final page the tabs are actually on. the downside is an oversize document (or one sliding out) will block all the lines, so this is really best for presentation and sales books, not high school binders. Great for office use.
That's right, folks, the days of fumbling with diminutive pieces of paper labels trying to feed them through the tiny slits of traditional tab inserts -- surely an exercise in digital dexterity for those of us with nubby fingers -- is over! With Wilson Jones' Tab system, all you do is type in your labels into a "tab strip" in a Word template file, print it on regular letter size paper, insert it into a letter size sheet insert behind the divider tabs -- and you're done. So quick and easy. Revolutionary!(The template file can be downloaded at the Web address provided in the package.)The sheets/tabs are made with fairly thick and rigid plastic that appears to be very durable.The only downside is that each divider tab and sheet is a one-piece construction, which means the tab cannot be moved. So you can't customize the order of tab colors. You're stuck with clear, light green, blue, yellow orange, green, yellow, blue. I would have prefered if Wilson Jones had included like-colored tabs with different tab positions (e.g. red - first tab position, red - second tab position, green - first tab position, green - second tab position, and so on). That way, the user can simply collate the tabs into a specific order of colored tabs. (Hence, only 4 stars).In addition, some of the tab positions on the template file are a little off (too far left). The fix is easy enough. On the tabs that are too far left, I simply pad the labels with spaces before I typed in the text for the labels.Despite a couple of complaints, I'd have to give Wilson Jones props for the ingenious Tab system that makes editing and changing tab labels so satisfyingly quick and easy! If you don't mind the pre-ordered tab colors, I think you'll like these tabs.
Sturdy and professional looking these dividers fit the bill for a gamut of uses. They are far nicer than any I have ever used before (but their price tag also reflects that) I would recommend them for business or home usage and also for school during the older years. The colors are crisp and the pages feel like they will last for years of use. I personally am not highly keen on the template that lines up with the tabs which took me away from giving them a 5 star rating.
Wilson Jones invented the three-ring binder, so the company&#8217;s product line dovetails with such binders.  Hence the tab dividers for binders.I cannot live without dividers in my binders and over the years I&#8217;ve probably tried almost every type of divider known to man.  And, to label the dividers, I&#8217;ve written on them, pasted stickers on them, inserted folded card stock (that promptly fell out). You name it.Now Wilson Jones has come up with something pretty creative.  When you buy the company&#8217;s standard (but high quality) colorful plastic tab dividers, you will discover that they do not come with labels to affix to the divider, nor are you expected to write directly on the tab. Instead, you print out an 8.5 x 11 sheet of paper with your labels for each tab running down the side. You insert the sheet of paper into the provided plastic document holder and voila, the appropriate printed label lines up perfectly (well, almost&#8230;see below) under each tab divider.That means you can easily reuse the dividers without have to scrape off a previously affixed label or without having to paint white-out over something you wrote. You just print out a new page with new labels.On the Wilson Jones website you will find a template you can use to type your labels and print out the sheet of paper for the document holder.  It was much easier than I expected.My only quibble is that I had to make some small adjustments to the format of the page containing the labels.  Wilson Jones provides the templates in Word or PDF format.  The PDF template required quite a bit more rearranging of text than did the Word template.  For example, the PDF template left half the label on my printer drum.  The Word template simply required a few extra spaces here and there.  Of course, once you make the adjustments, you can simply save the file and reuse it endlessly.
I sometimes  find it difficult to find college ruled items. For me, I find that college ruled helps me to write much neater, and of course you get more on the page.  What I liked about this product the most was the pockets.  The pockets are made a bit better than some of the others I have had in the past. What I did not like was the perforations in the page were not made well enough to tear the page out easy.  I still had to fold on the perforated line and tear out very gently to get a clean edge on my page. Overall it's a great option.
A one subject notebook  with sturdy spiral binding.  The pages can be removed due to the perforated edges.  It also has a two sided folder in the front.
I'm really pleased with the quality of this notebook, especially for the price! ($3.31 at the time of this review.) You get 100 pages of college-ruled paper, which is perforated so you can cleanly tear out a sheet if need be.  The covers are thick and sturdy, and you even get a couple of reinforced pockets for your loose papers. It is guaranteed for a year of use, or Mead will replace it. Recommended!
I have been using Mead and Five star binders for so many years I cant remember when I started buying them. Nice ruled paper has a couple of pockets for pens, paper clips, etc...It has a nice solid feel to it when you are caring it.Will be buying in the future!
The cover and backing are very sturdy and look like they'd easily survive a college semester. The inside pockets are convenient and the paper is smooth. I took my favorite writing instruments (Uniball 207, Pilot V5/V7, Blackwing 602, Pentel GraphGear 1000 mechanical pencils) and they all wrote nicely, without bleeding. For students, the Five Star notebooks are terrific.
This spiral notebook has plain lined paper.  No subject line, etc.  The cover is nice quality and should stand up nicely to heavy use.  I would recommend it.
I like the size of this notebook. it has pockets for things and the ruling on the pages is clear and precise.  I do have favorite notebooks that I jot stuff in and although this one is too big to carry in my purse, I use it by my desk.
keep your life organized with the spiral notebook.  Good for taking notes in meetings or lectures and group meetings. Recommended.
This is a fine college ruled notebook. It is a bit wider than many notebooks, so you can get a little more on each page. The cover seems durable and the binding seems strong. It's handy to have the pockets if your teacher likes to use a few handouts or if you want to stash your finished quizzes and exams. I wouldn't expect to be able to put a ton in those pockets though.It is impossible to simulate the wear and tear of taking a notebook out of a backpack hundreds of times like will happen through the school year, not to mention being squashed in with various books and other notebooks. I think that the covers and the bindings on this notebook will hold up just fine, but I have doubts about the pockets in the built-in folders. They are reinforced with plastic along the top edge of the pockets, but not on the sides. I suspect that over time they will tear on the edges, particularly if you put more than few papers in each pocket. Once the pocket has to stretch it will likely tear over time.
This spiral notebook is made better than most. The stronger plastic front cover and reinforced pocket are both upgrades relative to cheaper spiral notebooks. If you need something that will actually last a while, this is a nice choice. If you just want cheap, shop for something similar in July and August when several cheap spiral notebooks can be picked up for under a dollar.
Five Star has always made quality products at affordable prices and as far as i'm concerned this notebook is no different. It not super flimsy like some of the bigger subject notebooks can sometimes be.There is also an insert that is double sided with a pocket so you can put finished homework or what have you inside it. So far the promise of no ink bleeding has held true and trust me the kiddos put it to the test. Its also guaranteed to last all year so that's an added benefit that you don't see often with school supplies like this.I'm glad that we had the chance to try this one out as the kids are getting to the age where they need these types of things in class. Recommended
This is a nice spiral notebook. The covers are moisture resistant and what I really like is that the college ruled paper has a perforated line so that when kids want to pull the sheets out, they don't have that ripped/shredded edge that other spiral notebooks give you that don't have this feature.The paper also comes with 3-holes for slipping into notebooks. And the bright blue color that I received was cheerful and pleasant.Shop for the best price.
I have been buying Five Star products for many years. They always hold up and survive being thrown around in my kids backpacks. The papers always tear away neatly and easily. The interior pockets can be stuffed to the max and are very durable. One thing I would improve on with these notebooks is the sharp corners will sometimes poke you and they are a bit pricey.
Some of the other reviews noted defects or problems with their notebooks so I thumbed through mine to check for the issues (pages sticking together, damaged, or dirty/worn). My notebook arrived in perfect condition. I'm wondering if there is a higher chance of damage based on who sends it to you or where you buy your notebook. I can only say that mine had clean pages that moved freely. The paper is fine. It's not high quality bond, but this is a notebook which is likely to be used for school notes and later thrown away. If you want something for more permanent writing, a (more expensive) journal book would be a better choice.The notebook is relatively standard except for a few features. The cover is plastic and fairly tough. The &#34;Five Star&#34; brand's advertising shows a goat and a dog fighting by gripping opposite sides with their teeth so the notebooks are designed to be tougher than usual cardboard covered ones. It also has a pocket with a reinforced (laminated) upper edge in the front. I'd prefer the pocket were in the back so it didn't have to be move each time one opens the notebook (and so pages in the pockets didn't weight down the cover/front). There is also the varying colors problem that some others have mentioned. I got a nice light blue one, but others have gotten hot pink and you can't choose the color. This is a small point, but you may want to consider that you may get a color that you hate.The binding is better than cheap ones in that the top and bottom have little closed loops to stop the metal spiral from working its way out. Cheaper binders often have inadequate loops or just a bend that doesn't hold. I think you'd need pliers to undo this one. The main issue with this is that the Amazon price is somewhat (about 35%) higher than several other outlets. The price at the time of this review is $3.31, but OfficeMax online is offering the exact same binder for $2.59.
The description states assorted colors, so if you are picky about what color you want, don't order from this listing. I received a very pretty teal color that I love. The cover on this notebook is very strong and sturdy and I don't see it ripping anytime soon (if ever). The two pockets in the front are a very nice feature for storing loose papers. I love the college ruled style, so this is perfect and the pages are perforated for easy tearing out.
I bought this to keep notes for myself rather than for a class.  The pocket at the front is nice, and the covers seem OK sturdy (not amazing).  The paper is smooth, and it does not have &#34;bleed&#34; issues with ordinary pens...I'm not going to give this to the marker user in the house, though.  The notebook is &#34;guaranteed,&#34; so if it were truly horrible, you could go to the web site for a replacement or refund (though most companies will do that if you write to them).  I like it for what I wanted.  I am not sure it would hold up in a child's backpack through a full year, however.
This is heavy weight paper with squares.  NOTE THAT THE SQUARES ARE NOT  INCH.  They are 5mm which is slight less than .  Easy to draw on.  The reinforced holes make this paper more likely to survive rough treatment in the field.Excellent in all respects except for the size of the squares.AD2
We all know the trade-off in paper and price, right? Strength to resist tear-out and thickness for bleed-through. Those are up against cost, thinness for more pages per notebook, and easier flipping.The reinforced quadrille paper here holds up well. It's also thick enough to reduce bleed-through. I'm with the other reviewer who is no fan of having &#34;Five-star&#34; in the margin. I scan the material, and I'd rather have that space unbranded to write labels for the material--fill the page with notes/drawings and label what they go to on the side. I use a sticky note, but wouldn't mind being able to put it right on the page.Overall, it's handy. You can see the price variations in the various sellers, so watch for a good bargain. But this holds up well, and is worth more than basic quadrille paper.
I really like this paper, as it is excellent for math and other graphing.  The printed lines on it are perfectly lined up, and the ink is the same darkness on every page, every side.  In short, no QA issues.The reinforcements are excellent and there are no mispunched or unpunched holes.All in all, this is very high quality paper.That said, it is fairly expensive so I wouldn't use it for writing/crumbling up/throwing out type work.If you need a well-made graph-ruled paper with reinforcements, this is an excellent choice.
Quadrille pads can be very pricey. I don't need a high quality vellum for most of the projects and sketches I do, so this pack is great. You have the option of using 1/4 or 1/8 squares (front and back). The plastic reinforcement strip is also a very nice touch if you want to store things in a binder and use them often. One star off because some of the pagers are lighter than others. Every other page seemed to be printed slightly lighter though this should not present a problem to someone with normal or near normal eyesight. For what I do that kind of uniformity is not important.
I received this product free from the Amazon Vine Program in exchange for writing an honest, unbiased review.I am presently working on a project that requires much binder page turning and use.  With regular binder paper, after extended use (and sometimes with only minimal use) the holes tear and I have to use reinforcements.So far with this paper, I have had no problems with the reinforced  strip along the holes.  I have tested it by pulling very hard, and the holes stayed intact.  The paper itself is thicker and of a better quality than the regular binder paper that I normally use.  I sometimes write with a gel pen, and the writing does not go through to the back, meaning that I can use both sides.The reason that I gave it only 4 stars is that I think the price is a little high for only 100 sheets, but I will continue to use what I have and probably will buy more when I am finished with it.  I wouldn't use this for 'everyday' writing, but for pages that I want to keep and use for quite awhile, I would definitely buy this paper.It is not lined like regular binder paper, but since I have no problem writing in a straight line, that is of no consequence to me.Overall, I really like this paper and would recommend it to a friend with no hesitation.
I like Justin Winokur's review. The paper would be improved by not including the FIVE STAR four times with 5 star shapes underneath by the holes. However, when I photocopy the page it drops off, since it is in very light blue.Bright, strong with great light tape to reinforce the holes. Fantastic! Why didn't I give it 5 stars? Well, Justin's review got me thinking it would nice if you could wright on both sides. You can but the paper isn't that thick or resistant to a slight bleed. A nice dark rollerball will bleed slightly onto the other side... so I wouldn't buy it if you need to write on both sides... especially if you're putting it through a scanner.Otherwise, great paper. I'll buy more.
My husband is a journeyman but he has years of experience building houses. Next year he will be building ours so this paper is great for rough draft sketching.It's also great for school as well when the kids get into graphs and such at school you know the rise/run type stuff.  Overall the price seems reasonable for the amount of paper you get.
Things you might want to know about this paper is that it is 20 pound, which is a good medium weight paper.  It also is reinforced with a thin plastic-like cover over the areas of the holes. This is only on the front, not on the back.What's not clear now, but will be with long term usage is whether the thin smooth substance over the holes will actually help the paper to stay whole longer.Finally, you should know that the graph lines are different on the back than they are on the front.  On the front a 1/4-inch scale is used.  On the back it's a smaller 1/2-centimeter scale.SUMMARYOkay graph paper.
What I like best about this graph paper is that every page is reinforced along the binder hole area, so helpful for when you're turning pages quickly--good to know that they won't rip on every turn. It's a little thicker than standard notebook paper and has more squares per inch on one side than on the other. Nice quality paper for all of your graphing needs.
I like the reinforcement feature of this graph paper quite a bit. Too often the pre punched holes don't last the life of the paper and new holes need to be drilled. With the reinforced holes, you can be confident that the papers will not be lost or accidentally torn out.Other good features of this graph paper are the 20 pound weight and the ink bleeding resistance for those who want to use both sides of the paper.My only complaint with this stationery product is the faintness of the lines. I wish the ink used to print the lines could have been a little darker.Be sure to have good lighting when using this Five Star graph paper.
This is my first experience with an electric sharpener. My writing utensils are normally mechanical pencils and pens. For the few pencils I got, I normally use a manual sharpener. So my initial impression was that this unit physically felt sturdy and high quality.It was quick and easy to switch between the different size dials. The sharpening process was quick but not entirely flawless. But I suppose that could be because I wasn't used to operating an electric sharpener. Regular lead pencils seem to sharpen better than colored pencils.The cup that comes with the sharpener is easily detached and is large enough to contain a sizable quantity of debris. Overall I still prefer manual sharpeners but that is just my preference. If you are in the market for electric sharpeners, then this is a decent choice as long as the price is south of twenty-five bucks.
The X-Acto School Pro Heavy Duty Pencil Electric Sharpener is pretty amazing.  It's not cheaply constructed.  This sharpener is meant to last and withstand some abuse.  With six sizable holes to choose from you're likely to find a match for your pencil.  The large shaving receptacle allows for plenty of use between trips to the trash.  We really like this pencil sharpener, design, and color.  However, it's not without its flaws.  First, the points on the pencils can be rather short and sharp, like a needle.  The sides of the pencils tend to have a little wood left behind, so you have to put the pencil back in at and angle to expose more graphite.  We do like the automatic pencil stop, so many times with a regular pencil sharpener the pencil gets sucked down for lunch and before you know it you're left with a stub of a brand new pencil! I can't say it's "quiet," but it certainly isn't as loud as a tree chipper, as our older electric pencil sharpener is.Overall it's a power horse of an electric pencil sharpener, quick and seamless.  However, I can only give you this review from a basic home needs with children who use it and not from a classroom point of view.
I guess it is hard to work up great enthusiasm about file folders.  Essentially, they are are all much the same.  In the past the only issue I have ever had with folders would be when the weight of the stock was inadequate.  These particular folders are of average weight and are quite adequate.  The selling feature for me is the reinforced tab feature.  Tabs have a tendency to get folded, creased, and torn--I hate when that happens.  The reinforced tabs hold up extremely well!
While I do use file folders in filing cabinets I also use them extensively in an open type briefcase in my vehicle while traveling. I have found that the tabs tend to bend or become creased when placed in a briefcase and frequently removed in a not always too gentle manner. I travel all night and have occasion to pull the files out of the case and don't always manage to cleanly remove or replace them when finished. They typically get stuffed into the holder until the next need arises. Since I seem to manage to remove them by the tab I have experienced my share of "tab failure" and the resultant need for new file folders.I have tried these folders for 2-3 weeks now and they are holding up to the frequent wear and tear I demand of them and I have not had one tab bend or become creased. The folder does feel a bit flimsy but the tab is reinforced completely along the top of the folder and seems to be performing as advertised. Smead use to make a similar folder that felt much heavier and the tabs were much better reinforced (No. 2-152 C) but this product seems to be adequate for most jobs and I suspect will be just fine for filing cabinet work as well as the stress put on it in briefcases, etc. If you watch various ads you can get a decent discount which makes them so much the better for general use.
Like some other reviewers, I never put too much thought in choosing Manila Folders, other than seeing which packet was cheaper and choose that.  Once in a while I might choose straight-edged or tabbed-edged depending on the office I was working in.However, once I received these I was quite impressed.  These reinforced tabs do make a difference!  Not only are they more substantial and seem to stand up to wear, they also make the actual job of finding and extracting a file that much more enjoyable.  Filing = enjoyable? Well, not quite.  But the reinforced folded over edges are much easier on the tips of my fingers and my number of paper cuts has decreased immensely.In sum, buy these for less papercuts.
The Smead File Folders reviews here are known specifically as "Letter Size, Reinforced Tab, 11 Point, 1/3 Cut Tab, Manila, 100 Per Box."  These work as advertised, pretty much as any manila folder would.I give this particular folder a bit of extra credit since they include folders with the top tab in the left, right, and middle of the folder.  They also include reinforcement (another layer of material) in the tab area - which apparently is useful for those pulling these folders in and out of a filing cabinet constantly.  Now in my case, I use manila folders to carry my papers around at work (great for organization) and my kids use them to carry homework back and forth to school; for these uses I'd much prefer some reinforcement in the bottom / crease of the folder, since this is invariably where the manila folders we use fall apart first.In any event, if the price is right this is a good choice for a manila folder.
I have used about a fourth of my box of Smead folders and have found them to be quite good. The reinforced top keeps the tab from being easily bent over or distorted and makes it easy to find the folder when I need to in the cabinet. The surface allows for my folder labels to adhere well and I can write on them with both pen and pencil. Some other folders are hard to write on due to their waxy surface finish. I like these because I can add notes to them easily.I would have given them five stars, but the packaging is too fragile. I had to tape up the box to keep it from disintegrating at the corners.
Excellent, Smead file folders - letter size, 1/3 cut tab, 100 per box: what a great product!  A standard, reinforced tab folder: plenty of room for writing info on the tab (and it's thick and reinforced - very nice)...these are highly recommended for filing, carrying papers, etc.  There are certain office products that you get used to, and then never want to do without again, and for me, good, solid 1/3 cut tab file folders are one of those products: always handy to have around, always can find a hundred uses for them...would definitely recommend a box of these!
These Smead File Folders are really good office products that can be used for creating homeschool lapbooks. They are sturdier than construction paper and can be easily filed away into it's educational category. I like that it has post-consumer material used. A variety of colors like pastels would be nice instead of the standard Manila color. A good product, good purchase and since there are 100 folders in here, it should last a long time!
Manilla folders. Nicely colored. Well cut. They'll blend in well with the crowd.But look closely, and you'll see the tabs are reinforced. Tabs do tend to bend on folders you carry around or shuffle a lot, and the reinforcement will inhibit bending. So it's really a question of how much bent tabs get your back up. If you're crease intolerant these folders may get you endorphins flowing. If you don't even notice the creases you might as well stick with the folders you are currently using.
These file folders are just like any other file folder but with an attractive difference -- the tabs are reinforced so that they do not bend or otherwise collapse under use. I have put them to use in my own filing system so that I can take advantage of the reinforced tabs.I will recommend these to my friends and colleagues as an improvement over the usual file folders found in the stores.
The bells and whistles of this folder are that they have fasteners on each side, so you can store documents with papers that are louse in the folder.  They are high quality, nice selection of colors, and good for permanent archiving.They appear a bit pricier, but look like they will last.
These file folders are colorful and well designed.  They have folding metal fasteners on both sides and they have organizing tabs on them (top, center, bottom).  They come in three colors.  All in all, these are really nice, except for one thing: the card stock is light weight. The tab-edge is reinforced (2-ply), so you can use it reliably.I plan on using these for organizing data and some reports.  If you plan on using these, you WILL need a two-hole punch, or some means of consistently punching holes in the tops of the papers.
I know that paper folders are on their way out since most records are digital.  However, if you still have a need to keep paper records, then I recommend the 2 fastener folds.  These are like the ones your doctor used to use for your medical chart albeit these are nicer colors.  There is an organizational benefit to flipping pages as opposed to turning them *if* you are printing on one side only.  The assorted colors also help with color coding your files. IF you plan on using this type of system regularly, try purchasing one of these as well:Swingline Comfort Handle 2 Hole Paper Punch (A7074050D)
I am self-employed and use file folders to store both business records and personal files. I am generally organizationally challenged and have found that I do a much better job of keeping a file together when the papers are physically attached to the folder. These folders, which have two-hole metal fasteners at the tops of both sides, are great for organizing papers and for making sure that, once organized, everything stays where it belongs.As far as quality goes, I was very pleased with the strength of the metal fasteners on these folders, but found the overall weight of the folders to be a little bit lighter than I'd expected. While fine for my own personal use, I'd suggest that office users may want to look for something a bit sturdier.
I think these folders are well-suited for household use, home office etc. The bright colors make filing by category easy and I like the 1/3 cut tabs for labels.  Pluses would be the bright color, wide tabs, and they are made in America.  What I see as the downfall was mentioned by another reviewer, they are too thin.  If you use the top punch method for filing, you can't get much in these folders without fear of the folder tearing under the weight of the paper.  I think the thickness would be appropriate if you are not using the top fasteners and just slipping things in loosely--and that would mean the folders would be less expensive because you don't need the fancy fasteners.  I will use them but I think they could have done better with the paper quality.
I like this product a lot.  The folders don't cut my fingers when I pull one out - and at my office that makes this a big plus.  However, they are heavier than other Smead folders, and given the volume of paper at the office, the extra weight mades a difference.  I carry folders with 8-13 of these in each and it adds up.  That is the only reason that I didn't give it 5 stars.  With that being said, using these for files that really need to stay in one place and not get messed up may make perfect sense.  I will try that next.  But for most of my files, the ability to pull out papers quickly and easily makes this product pretty impractical.
These folders seem reasonably sturdy and look like they'll hold up. Our file folders are used for years, sometimes decades, and other brands have fallen apart when the adhesive under the fold breaks down. Won't know for years if these will pass that test, but they seem solid enough. My only complaint, very minor, is that the tabs have pointed-corner edges, which might get ragged with multiple handlings. I've always prfereed rounded-corner tab edges.
One of my first managers had a 2 hole punch and a box of wire clips on her desk and whenever we went into a meeting, she would flip through her notes - fastened in a file folder with the clips - without losing a single sheet of paper. Her level of organization was remarkable and all these years later, I still envy her talent in that area. I asked the secretary to order me a set of clips and a 2 hole punch and for a while (at least while I working there) I was also pretty organized and never lost an important memo or other floating piece of paper. When I left, it became a gift my co-worker Kenny.At my next company, I was trained in and became addicted to the Franklin Planner system (they makers of the FP system HATE floating pieces of paper). That system worked well for me too and over the years, I forgot about the "clips that keep the paper in the folder" system. When I saw that you could buy a folder with clips already inside from Amazon, it like a was a trip down memory lane. I decided to give them another try to keep my work organized.Upon inspection, I can say that the folders are of good quality. The clips are fastened properly. The 1/3rd cut works in a file cabinet and the choice of colors (red for X, green for Y, etc.) will help with organization if you decide that is how you want to use them.You will need a hole punch to effectively use these folders - they make ones with the proper separation and I think using these only make sense if you have one handy.Need to file paper? Try this system. Prevents floating pieces of paper falling out and the dreaded lost pages.
Pretty soon we'll all start to see income tax paperwork arriving in the mail.  Early in December I try to set aside a special place to start accumulating all the income tax "stuff" that will start to arrive as holiday clean-up begins.  These folders will be easy to see/easy to find--and an easy reminder to stay organized!  I hate wasting precious hours at "income tax time" looking for a document that came in the mail and got misplaced in the year-end hussle and bustle.I wouldn't use these folders for heavy-duty work or constant handling.  But I think they'll work fine for organizing paperwork to be stored.  The paper they are made of is not heavy-weight, hence the need for the reinforced tab that extends all the way across the top.  Please don't misunderstand me:  While they are not heavy-weight, they are not flimsy either, and the reinforced tab helps give them stability.  It's a good thing to try to use the lightest-weight possible for the job at hand--and save some trees!The colors are accurately shown in the picture.  They are pleasing colors, too.  Why not add some color to dreary filing tasks?These folders are made in the U.S.A.
These are great folders, but they're probably best suited for relatively light household use.The box contains four very bright colors of folders, which are 1/3 cut, allowing plenty of room for labels.  There are two clips per folder (i.e., one on each flap), so they can hold quite a bit of material.However, as others have mentioned, they aren't heavy-duty office-type folders.  The fairly thin material means that if you put a large number of pages in the clips and flipped through them--which is exactly what top-punch clips are designed to allow you to do--you'd risk bending or tearing the folder.It comes down to judging your needs.  If you'll be using the folders heavily, this isn't the product for you.  However, if you're a home office user, these are really nice, attractive, useful folders.
I have found these folders incredibly useful -- I tend to have a lot of odd-sized scraps of paper to keep organized, and the fasteners are an enormous improvement in security over plain manila folders. I like the cheerful colors which encourage me to be more organized than I might otherwise be. The only drawback is that I would wish the folders were a little sturdier; as it is (and given the odd-sized scraps I'm storing) I don't feel I can put more than 10-15 sheets in each folder before they get warped by the bulk and weight.
The Smead Fastener Folders are a very good product for light office filing.  The fastener is attached to both sides of the file folder so you can hang papers off of either side, and the "brights" colors are very nice and come in red, blue, yellow, and green in case you need to sort things by color.  The tab at the top of the folder has ample space to place a label on the folder.  These are made in the United States and are manufactured from a minimum 10% post-consumer recycled content and are labeled with the Sustainable Forestry Initiative, so Smead appears to be doing what it can to help the environment.  The only disappointment with the product is that I would prefer a folder with a little more weight to it.  The file folder itself is a bit flimsy if you are using the folders with a lot of paper.  A sturdier paper would have made this a 5-star product.  Still a very good file folder and recommended.
I have the goal of getting all papers and receipts organized before the new year. It's so frustrating to need some document and having to browse piles of papers before finding it, hence I finally took the time to place everything where it belongs. These folders having two fasteners per folder allow to organize a couple of different issues within each folder. For example, there are great to keep children's school and doctor appointment related papers. The different colors can be used to track individual family members documents as well. I highly recommend it.
I'm not sure if this is any different then the wide packing tape but it does work as discribed. It doesn't have any yellowing and is hardly noticeble when on the binder or inside on the pages. I'd buy it to repair my books.
It is a bit hard to tell this tape from regular packaging tape. Scotch is claiming that the big difference between this tape and regular packing tape is that this tape will not yellow over time. Hopefully, that's true, though it's impossible to say right now. One thing I did like was that there were instructions on the box to show the best way to use the product on both paperback and hardcover books. That was helpful. It did seem that once I cut the tape as instructed for my paperback, (in a "T" shape along the spine), it seemed to rip too easily when I tried to fit it onto the book as instructed. But overall a useful product.
At first glance, it appears that Scotch Book Tape 845 is the same as their heavy duty packing tape.  It isn't.  I cut pieces from both and compared them, and the book tape is notably thicker.  I like the idea of a clear book tape and this works well.  You can strengthen the spines on your paperbacks, repair edges etc.  The cost here at Amazon is $6.99 for 15 yards and that is about .16 a foot which isn't bad.  You are likely to use no more than 12 inches on a book repair so the roll should last a while.  I think this is an endorsable product and will come in handy especially for those kids books that need constant repair.
I used this tape to cover the spines of several different paperbacks, all of different thicknesses.  While I really liked the tape, I just could not get the T-Cut and foldover to work.  It tore every single time, even when I tried to go really slow.  Maybe I'm just not coordinated enough.  Seems like it works ok just to cut it the length of the spine, stick it on and leave it at that.
Scotch has a long history of good, quality tape and their book tape is no exception. It is nice, thick, very smooth, and seemingly durable tape that is easy to unwind and use. My first time putting it to use on a book, I had next to no trouble and with time, I think it'll be even easier (I don't have a taping system applicator, just my hands). Instructions for its use on both paperback and cloth-bound books are printed on the box with illustrations to make it even more helpful. While I am grateful that I got the chance to try this product and love it, the price is pretty steep for the amount on the roll and I'll probably stick to the more economical packing tape I usually use to repair my "disposable" books, even if it doesn't last as long or look as nice, and save this for my important repairs.
Thicker than plain mailing tape. Will make any needed repairs to your ole books & magazines look like your butler did it. Professional hard-wearing results.Would definitely call this a speciality item. Not sure if I have ever seen in a "normal" store?
This is a difficult product to review because I have no way of knowing if this tape is any different than packaging tape or whether it will last over time. The Scotch website doesn't specify what makes this tape more suitable for repairing books and record jackets than their other tapes (I've used packaging tape for books/records for years).That said, I've never had a problem with any Scotch tapes I've used in the past, so I'm going to assume this tape will work well for its intended purpose. Is it worth the price difference (more than twice the cost of packaging tape)? - I won't know for another ten years or so.
This is much more versatile than just repairing books.  It is a heavy duty easy to use tape that can be used for all kinds of repairs.  A great verstatile tool to keep around the house.
The only thing that would make this book tape better is a dispenser/ cutter built into the package.  The tape is nice & thick and was easy to use without the problem of air bubbles.  I would recommend using this to reinforce paperback bindings, however not for hardcover volumes.
This is a nice, thick, wide tape. However, it is not particularly sticky, and doesn't seem very different from thick packing tape. Note that 3 inch and 4 inch wide versions are available. Especially at 4 inches, that's much wider than any packing tape, and therefore useful for repairing bindings on books, magazines, and other published items.Here's a more meaningful explanation from another site:  3M 845 Book Tape is a tough crystal-clear transparent tape with a long-aging, synthetic adhesive that conforms readily to book contours and flexes with cover movements. Excellent for repairing, reinforcing, protecting and covering bound edges and surfaces. Use on books, magazines, pamphlets, record album jackets and more. The transparent polypropylene backing has excellent clarity which doesn't hide title information or printing and saves time and money by eliminating relabeling. It is tough, flexible, resists abrasion and cracking, and is conformable which reduces rebinding or replacement costs. Its synthetic adhesive is long aging and will not discolor or dry out so it won't deteriorate with time causing possible subsequent repair.
I was very pleased with this product.  It basically looks like clear packing tape, however I was pleasantly surprised with how heavy it was.  I also liked that it was clear.  Generally when I think of book tape, I think of the thick, colored stuff that librarians use.  This was heavy, not with that type of texture, but was clear so it allowed you to see the book.  I liked that.
I use this tape just like I use regular Scotch tape to mail packages.  It doesn't seem any thicker or harder to cut or tear than regular tape.  I just personally did not see the difference between this tape and regular Scotch mailing tape.
i had good success using this product to help "put back together" a cookbook that had long ago fallen apart. It will help get me through a bit longer before I have to have it rebound. A nice alternative to duct tape that was holding it together before:)
I got a training manual that was hammered and went on the hunt for some tape to repair it. Sadly, the best tape I could find was regular thick packing tape. Thank goodness for Amazon and this tape as they came at just the right time. This is some great heavy-duty tape that I know won't ruin the books cover. I have to say that it is so great that I almost want to use it as packing tape. The only downside I find is you get 15 yards for $7. That is way too expensive to waste it on anything besides repairing books. I guess I'm going to stick with regular heavy packing tape and make sure I take care of my books.Shawn KovacichAuthor of the Achieving Kicking Excellence book and DVD series.
This tape is almost identical to standard Scotch packaging tape, except that this book tape seems slightly thicker and perhaps easier to reposition.  Both are clear and glossy, and both are available in various widths.  Standard packaging tape is usually 1 7/8" wide; this particular product is 2".If you are looking to repair pages inside a book, this will not blend in well, as it is too glossy.  Instead I use Scotch Magic Mending tape for repairing tears in individual pages.  The magic mending tape seems to just disappear into the paper.  But for torn endpapers just inside the cover, I recommend using something like this book tape as you need strength or it just won't hold.Our local library sometimes uses this tape to reinforce the outside of paperback bindings, but they use a different 1 1/4" matte tape for the insides, which matches the paper much better.Another idea to consider for paperbacks that will see a lot of use - you can get book laminating film that will cover the entire book cover.  Wrap it around the cover edges with appropriate cuts at the corners so it folds neatly inside.  I've had very good results with this method; it looks great and protects and reinforces the entire cover and edges.However, for simple reinforcement of book splines, this product does just fine.
This is a great masking tape. It tears off the roll cleanly, sticks securely and removes without leaving residue. It is a bit thicker than regular masking tape and is definitely superior to cheaper versions.  Whether you need a high performance tape is dependent on your project but it works well for painting and posters.  Recommended.
Good solid quality tape material from Scotch. The width of the tape is just right for my purposes. This can be used for various different projects from construction related to artwork etc. And this is one of the few items that is Made in Canada. The only drawback is that price-wise it's a bit hefty. Otherwise this is a quality item that is useful for many different tasks.
This is very similar to what we called freezer tape growing up. It even has that same yellowish tint. So far it has come off the roll cleanly and we have not had any issues with splitting. My daughter has developed a habit of sticking toys (little plastic balls mostly) into spots where they don&#8217;t QUITE fit, and this tape has come in handy for helping to remove the toys. It isn&#8217;t quite as sticky as some types of tape, but so far it hasn&#8217;t left any type of residue on the toys.
Unless you're one of prices so high you probably get cheaper roles you look around but all in all this is good tape. I use it for writing labels on boxes and such it works great in sticks for a long time. Deftly think this should cost a third of the price it is right now at near $14. But it is a nice big role and you get a lot of tape with it but still little overpriced
I've used cheaper masking tape before (never used anything more expensive...)  But, this masking tape works great.  Even for the lazy painter, slapping this masking tape on a somewhat greasy kitchen surface - and it still sticks to it!The width is pretty nice, but if using a sprayer, you'd probably want to go double-wide with it.  And it peeled off paint, new and old, flat and gloss - without taking any paint with it.  A great product...even if it is a bit pricey.
This Scotch high performance masking tape is super wide at nearly 1-1/2 inches, the adhesiveness is moderate (what one wants in a temporary tape). After using the tape to mask off a cabinet I was painting, the next day I easily removed the tape, with clean lines remaining.I do like the extra width of the tape, some others are too skinny and too thin. This one holds up to the job. The only &#8220;baking&#8221; I&#8217;ve done is with a hair dryer if I&#8217;m in a rush paint job.
If you are looking for a dependable masking tape, this is it. I've found in the past that Scotch products are superior to their competition, and this is no exception. The tape doesn't tear when you don't want it to, it sticks where you do want it to, and it stays until you remove it. I've used tapes that weren't sticky enough--the adhesive didn't hold, and tapes that left adhesive on the walls, as well as some that didn't remove so easily. I am satisfied that I do not have any of these problems with the Scotch High Performance Masking Tape. I'm sorry, I just can't say &#34;I LOVE it!&#34; about masking tape, but I do like using it.
I agree with many of the other reviews here. This is very good masking tape, but $13/roll is way too much money. The blue masking tape that most professional painters use costs half as much at my local hardware store.
This masking tape is perfect for making a nice, straight edge during painting.  It is relatively easy to tear and it pulls off nicely without tearing into multiple pieces.  We usually use the blue tape and I'm not sure this one is worth the extra cost.  So for painting, definitely suggest to use this tape.Now I did use some on a toilet seat lid so that the kids wouldn't use it before we repaired it. I removed it a couple days later and it PULLED off the paint on my toilet (now ruined!).  I was totally surprised it would do that considering it is used in painting applications. So be cautious what you use it for!
Because of my kids, painting is a constant.  Walls, trim, ceiling... I've painted and repainted.What I found I hate is tape that's hard to tear (scissors? please).  Tape that sticks too well (tears off the wall board).  And tape that splits and shreds (yuckadoo).I had no problems with this Scotch High Performance tape.  As soon as it arrived I tore some off and attached it to the wall where I'll be painting next.  It's been there for about 30 days and I just pulled it all off and it didn't damage the wall underneath.The other thing I noticed is that this tape adheres well enough that paint doesn't ooze underneath.  And the tape cuts exactly as you'd want it to.Very good tape.  It's really meant more for professionals, but if the price was lower, I'd certainly use it instead of the blue and green stuff.
I used this making tape to tape off the trim in a hallway so that I could paint. It had a strong hold and did a good job of keeping the paint off of my woodwork. It was easy to remove and didn't cause any damage upon removal. It definitely had a heavier duty feel to it and the width was a perfect fit for my project.
I am fairly particular about tape and believe you definitely get what you pay for, regardless if you are talking about tape for office use or packing tape. As funny as it sounds, I was glad to be offered the opportunity to try this tape and use it for packaging and other things around the house. I am a huge fan of duct tape as well, and found it interesting that I could use this tape in many of the same ways I use duct tape.For packaging and sealing boxes, this tape worked great, especially when incorporating the H style of taping a package. However, I was surprised when I was cutting the tape and it split up a couple of inches when I did not get the full cut with my scissors the first time. The filaments seem to be linear, not cross-hatched, therefore it can easily split when cutting if you are not careful.Nonetheless, I had no worries about this tape coming undone on the heavy packages I was shipping during Christmas. I also used the tape to repair a cracked handle on a Rubbermaid storage container, which I normally repair with duct tape. The tape adhered well and seems to be doing just as good of a job as the duct tape normally does.When I checked the price to see how much it would cost to buy some myself, I was taken aback at the high cost. If I buy the tape myself, I would definitely not use it for packaging stuff every day. I can buy high quality packaging tape which costs much less per roll than this stuff.  However, this tape most definitely has a place in your house for repairs or reinforcement when needed. I will definitely buy a roll when this one is gone!
There is no question that it tape is stronger than regular packing tape, at least in one direction.  Compared to, for example,Duck Brand HD Packaging Tape, it is much more difficult to tear this tape "cross-ways".  I've tried a bunch of times and no matter how I nick or puncture the tape there is no way, because of the filaments that run the length of the tape, I can get a tear to go all the way across its width.  That means if you wrap something in this stuff then it is likely to stay wrapped, as promised.Tearing down the length is a different story.  This tape, as with regular packing tape, tears effortlessly down its length.The adhesive seems about as sticky as other packing tapes I've seen.  It sticks very well to itself, reasonably well to cardboard, and more or less well to other materials probably on par with similar and much less expensive tapes.Bottom line, if you are going to be taping a bunch of stuff into a bundle then this might be a good option.  However if you are just sealing boxes then maybe stick to regular packing tape and save some money.
I have used Scotch tapes for years. This one does it's job just fine, wrapping boxes and shipping. Filaments are stong. Good product. But I do wonder about the posted price... seems very expensive, which is why I deducted one star. I received this for free as a Vine reviewer, so I'm not sure what another store's price might be.
Excellent adhesion, strength and overall kapow! Have used on heavy duty shipping items. Obviously I believe it is post office &#34;approved&#34; (they are a fussy bunch ~ and don't like gray duct tape), so seal away.It is rather $$$ ... so save for heavy duty mailing or whatever you want to do with it (bundling cables, bundling junk for the trashmen etc;.....).
If you have any use at all for filament tape, this is a good choice. I need it for securing prints to picture frames, and it does quite well. If you are applying the tape to surfaces other than paper or cardboard, it is repositionable. It's an excellent strapping tape, and I like the length which is much more than I get with tape I buy in big box stores. I'd much rather buy a big roll than a bunch of smaller rolls.
Filament tape is much more expensive than other plastic tapes, but it is also much stronger. I use regular packaging tape most of the time, switch to this stuff when I need extra security and extra durability.
Used this tape on a return package the other day. It was reliable, strong enough for packaging, but so clear older data could be seen through it. I like packaging tape that covers up old bar codes, company logos, and the like - as I recycle boxes whenever I can. If you are working with only new boxes, no complaints to be had!
Strong tape. Not very thick but impossible to rip with your bare hands. Easy to cut with a pair of scissors though. This is best for bundling and reinforcing. Adhesive is medium strength.
I tried this Scotch Filament Tape and found it to be a very good tape. The tape has long filaments that run the length of the tape and they really strengthen the tape. The tape itself is smooth going on and it is good and sticky.I tried it on some boxes I was preparing for storage and the tape made the boxes feel extra strong. I don't think I'll have any trouble with the boxes not holding up. I also had a spring pop out of the side of a rarely used mattress. I wrapped the spring in the tape, pushed it back in and then taped over the area. I don't feel like investing in a new mattress since it is hardly ever used, so I will see how well the tape holds in this situation. I admit that is an unusual use for the tape but it's worth a try.The reason I gave the tape four stars instead of five is the cost of the tape. It seems to be on the expensive side for a not so big roll. But if it works really well, it will be worth it.
This is the tape to use when you need extra security for your shipping tasks.  Glass fiber and very strong adhesive combine to assure you that your package won't be breached before the recipient receives it.  I've deducted one star from my rating because this tape is rather expensive and because the roll is too large to fit onto my tape dispenser.  But you really can't go wrong with Scotch tape products, especially when compared to cheaper alternatives. And 55 meters is a lot of tape for most users.  Recommended for those important packages.
The Scotch 893 filament tape is very durable (its' reinforced with glass yarns) and easy to apply to surfaces without getting tangled up like masking tape. Unfortunately, this filament tape is not really clear like scotch tape, but more of a cloudy opaque color.  The filament tape is also difficult to tear across-even harder than duct tape (I need scissors to do the job, but that's because this tape is so strong). If you want to reinforce packing boxes, or are in need of a moisture and puncture resistant, nearly unrippable tape stronger than duct tape, this could be a good option.  I also found this tape a little difficult to peel from the roll (once you get it going,however, it peels off the roll fine).
This packing tape will not tear across its width with any kind of normal handling.  It does cut easily with sharp scissors.  Unfortunately, it also tears too easily down its length.  If you are packing very heavy boxes, this should hold their bottoms together.  For ordinary packing, this is probably overkill.
I thought this would be more like regular packing tape, but this is heavy duty stuff. I used it to tape up some regular Christmas packages, and it was great, but I think you could probably ship a pallet of plywood with this. Certainly a bit pricey for home use. I'm now thinking it might have some use in home repair, next to the ever-useful duct tape. I'm not sure who to recommend it to, possibly suppliers of construction materials.
It does the job and does it well.  It may not take the extra long staples that some commercial staplers do, but if you're writing a long college paper or dissertation, this will definitely do well in keeping your papers together
I like this stapler, but yesterday, it got jammed very badly, and I wasted time fixing it.  Luckily I had small pliers handy, but most people would not, and I don't know how I would have fixed it without the pliers.  Since this never happened to my previous stapler, I am hoping this was a crazy fluke that will not re-occur.
I can't really complain about this stapler. I love Swingline products and this is no exception. It does tend to jam once in a while, which I would expect from an $8.00 stapler. I have other staplers from Swingline that I absolutely love! My favorite so far is the Swingline LightTouch Reduced Effort Stapler which is a little bit more, but totally worth the extra few dollars.All in all, though, this is a fine stapler and I haven't had the same problems with it as others have.
My old stapler kept jamming and I finally gave up it and needed a new one.  This one is solid, works, and doesn't jam - at least, not yet.  It's one of those functional products that does what it's supposed to.
The Swingline company has put out quality products for a long time.  I have always used their staplers for home and for school.  This particular stapler is made of metal, holds a full strip of staples, and will staple 20 sheets of paper well.  It also will fold open to staples things to walls.  I use that a lot for student work on bulletin boards.Some reviewers have said that the quality is not what it used to be in the past.  If you have problems. I highly recommend that you contact Swingline.  I have had replacement parts sent out to me free of charge and warranty replacements of whole staplers.  Their customer service and dedication to customer satisfaction sets them above other brands. I never hesitate to get staplers from them.
Just what I expected! A sturdy, heavy metal stapler that looks like it will withstand years of abuse and use in a classroom setting. So far it has worked perfectly. My daughter did notice that it doesn't seem to 'open' so you can staple things to a wall. If it does, I haven't figured out how yet. Says it staples up to 20 sheets but I've so far only tried 10 and it works quite well.
Our stapler was always disappearing - we have 2 kids - so seeing this available was a chance to just maybe get our main stapler to stay by the phone where we try to keep it. This is clearly an economy model - very low price - and as expected it is made of plastic and does not feel very solid compared to business class staplers. But, from the kid's perspective mainly just stapling a few sheets of paper together it works great.Overall, recommended for light duty / stapling homework assignments, etc.
This stapler fits my needs perfectly. I use it at home for the occasional time I need to staple something and to help my kids with projects or school work. I've owned this brand before and have never had any problems with light use. I would not recommend this for an office environment when it would be used multiple times on a daily basis. I could see it getting jammed or busted easily under that sort of use.
This Swingline Standard Stapler is a good choice for home or light office use. This is a very basic stapler that works exactly as expected and should hold up well to normal craft, project, or homework duty.Recommended!CFH
It gets the job done.  I put staples in it, press down on it, and my papers get attached to one another.  It is a budget stapler and feels light and cheap, but for sporadic uses, it gets the job done.  If you have an actual office, you will need a more durable commercial stapler.  This is for home use, meant to be used once in awhile type quality.  It works for the price.  I recommend it.
I've always liked Swingline products and have quite a few of them.  I have another light-duty stapler, but this one is more user-friendly.  It's also eco-friendly with 50% recycled content.  I do like to see companies taking this approach, but this is the first one I've seen in the office line.Apparently it's treated with an "antimicrobial agent," however, I think swiping keyboards, this stapler, and other office supplies down with antibacterial wipes now and then works even better.  The feature is nice, but somewhat gimicky.  The stapler works as expected, but didn't come with any staples unfortunately.  A row of them would have been nice.I'd take a pass on this one if you are expecting to flip it open to staple little art projects or notices to a bulletin board because it doesn't open fully.  Very acceptable as a desktop stapler and definitely worth the price.  I do like and have been using the Swingline acrylic desk accessories and these compliment the nice clean look of this stapler.SWINGLINE ACRYLIC DESK ACCESSORIES:Swingline Acrylic Pen CupSwingline Acrylic Memo and Paper Clip HolderSwingline Acrylic Business Card HolderSwingline Inches Acrylic Magazine RackSwingline Acrylic Letter SorterSwingline Acrylic Document Tray
This is not a heavy duty all purpose stapler. For under $6, you would not expect it to be! But it staples up to 15 pages, and will tack a bulletin board, and you won't be out a lot of cash when it mysteriously disappears from your desk as dozens seem to have done for me. What it is is a no nonsense stapler that is a good value, that hapPens to be made in part of recycled material if you are concerned about your &#34;footprint&#34;
This Swingline Standard Stapler is stated to be made of 50% recycled product and as a family who tries to do what we can, the use of recycled material is appreciated.The stapler itself is finished in a pleasant black matte finish and is contoured to be comfortable to hold. It is very lightweight and opens so you can use the stapler in a vertical position to staple papers up on a wall or board and makes an audible click when you put it back to its horizontal position.The bottom is rubberized and sits still as you staple. It stapled fine using the standard staples the box indicated to load into it.  Overall, it seems fine for home use. We've used staplers of this caliber before and they've held up to reports being stapled together, receipts being attached to bills, etc.  This isn't a stapler designed for heavy office use or class use, though it would certainly be fine for an individual student if you purchased it for your own child to use.
Here's the dilemma---how to review a stapler. After all, even with today's &Uuml;ber-complex products, the simplee stapler remains rather simple in function and design. It does one thing and one thing only. Put the paper in, press the top and that's it. Your pages are stapled. What can you say about a product that simple? Several things, it appears.For one thing, most of my staplers are shorter than the staples that come out of the staple box. That means breaking them apart into smaller lengths and combining the leftovers later on. It's not the world's most difficult issue to be sure, but it is still a bit of a pain. The Swingline Standard Stapler, Eco Version, accepts the staples in one long row--just as they come out of the box. Nice!Although I haven't tried to staple to the max, 15 sheets is quite a bit to staple at one time. Even my cross shredder gets upset when more than ten pieces of paper are placed in its slot at one time. If the Swingline Standard Stapler does work as specified, you can do some rather robust staple jobs with it.On the downside, this is one lightweight stapler. On some items lightweight is a good thing, but not on a stapler. You want it to have some heft and weight allowing it to stay put on your desk. Although the ribbed, rubber-like bottom does help, it's not quite enough to secure the lightweight stapler in one place. Given the mostly plastic construction, I also have concerns as to how the Swingline Standard Stapler will stand up to months or years of abuse. Only time will tell.Now look at this. It really is possible to write a review on a stapler!
I like this stapler a lot. It's easy to load the staples and it hasn't jammed at all. I haven't stapled more than five sheets together and I have had no problems with it. It does not come with staples, but I had some no. 4 staples and they're perfect .  I also like the size of it. Nice!
I only have a couple minor complaints about this that cost it a star, but other than that, it's a solid, well working stapler.First, it's not very grippy on the bottom, so it slides around on my desk.  It *looks* like it's some formed rubber piece but it's not, it's a plastic of some sort.  Also, it only opens up about 130 degrees or so, meaning if you want to use this to staple something to a flat surface, you will end up with staples having to go in at an angle, since there's no way to get this flat and flush on the surface to drive a staple straight in.  There is also no ability with the striker plate to reverse it to make the staples bend outwards instead of inwards like some staplers have.  If this is a requirement, then this is not the stapler for you.  If you're like me and never use the outward method anyway, then it's not an issue.But I DO like the curved base and the somewhat curved top, since if you staple by holding it in your hand, it fits well and is comfortable to use, somewhat ergonomic.It is easier to open and close than some I've used in the past, since I've had models that, after loading, closed with enough force to partially eject one of the staples. This one closes without so much force that it tries to push anything out.The silk screen logo on top would've been better suited farther back on the top, rather than right where people strike, since I can see half of it fading in the not distant future, leaving only &#34;line&#34; as being readable anymore, with the &#34;swing&#34; fading out due to contact with the hand, since I habitually just use the edge of my hand on the end of the stapler to depress it, not the whole hand on the whole top surface.It consistently worked well though, I had no jams, no mis-stapled items.  I generally don't go more than 7 or 8 pages for anything I staple, and this chewed through that without any problems.  Worth the cost within the limitations it has.
The Swingline Eco Stapler worked out just fine for me.  The stapler was able to able to handle stapling 20 sheets easily for me, and even stapled through 40 sheets when I tested it out - although the staple had just barely made it.  The stapler is very lightweight and plastic, but this didn't affect the quality of stapling.I've used this stapler several times now and haven't had an issues with jamming, knotting, or anything of the like.  It performs well as a stapler and gets my kids worksheets held together solidly.  One thing I don't like about the stapler is that it doesn't open up quite so wide, so stapling things onto a bulletin board was a bit difficult.  The stapler also did not come with any staples - this was a minor annoyance as I had to go out and buy some.  That aside, it does what a stapler is supposed to do, and keeps my papers all together.
I've got an oldSwingline 747 Classic Stapler, 20 Sheets, Black (74701)with a manufacture code of February 1994 stamped on the underside of the staple carrier part.  The bottom is stamped with the original Long Island City, NY address for Swingline.  Although bought out by Acco decades earlier, Swingline closed factory operations in New York in 1999, moving to Mexico, then China.  So I think I have one of the old U.S. production models.  In any case, it's served me flawlessly for 2 decades.  I'll probably get around to bequeathing it in my will.  (That's a joke.  But I probably will.)Today's 747 Swingline is a bit lighter and an import but still garners high praise from many.  This "Eco Version", on the smaller side of full-sized staplers, understandably has less of a following.The Eco can staple up to 2.75 inches in from the edge of a piece of paper, vs. 3.75 inch for my old (and presumably also the newer) 747.I'm seeing fairly identical performance with both.  I rarely need to staple 15 or 20 sheets - the stated limits of the Eco and the 747, respectively, but for 4 or 5, they work with equal ease and leave fairly indistinguishable results in terms of the finished staple.  (I know, now ask me how the much lighter and more plastic-y Eco will work 20 years from now.)As with many things, the decision largely comes down to price.  In the under $10 range, I still prefer a full-sized stapler so to my mind the Eco is a pretty good value.  I don't really care at all about its antimicrobial protection because right now what society needs the most is protection against the superbugs that evolve in hospitals and other heavily disinfected environments.  Leave me a can of Lysol to use selectively and let me give the weaker bugs (that I can hope to knock out, if infected) a fighting chance against the "super" ones.  I don't need everything I touch to be impervious to all but that deadly 0.00000000001%The hand feel is good for a lightweight stapler.  Great for an old-enough kid's desk or other situations where disposability might be something of a virtue.  I appreciate that Swingline makes something full size that is only a few bucks more than the better mini staplers.
Not that I'm the stapler-wielding character from &#34;Office Space&#34; BUT I'm possessive of my stapler. Keeping it loaded and knowing where it's at when needed. Although this newest version makes stapler sharing OK for the germa-phobes. The weighty metal feel is missing and missed. It's heavy duty and staples up to 15 sheets easily. Basically It does what it's supposed to very well.
We must own about 10 staplers ... 8 of which are Swingline. If you are stapling a lot, I recommend splurging and getting one of the more expensive Swingline models. If, however, you are just needing a stapler to have in case you need to staple something, this stapler is perfect. It is not a heavy duty stapler.
At not much more than 1/3 the price of theSwingline 747 Classic Stapler, you get a practical stapler that works well. It's rated at 15 sheets, compared to the 20 sheets of the 747, but it doesn't seem to struggle with more sheets than it's rated for.Compared to the 747, it looks smaller. But it's about the same length from end to end. The distance from the part where the staples come out to the part where the stapler pivots is also the same length for both staplers. But this stapler is lighter and has more plastic. The metal part is less visible, giving it the illusion of being smaller than it is. As with other similar staplers, it can be folded open to staple things to flat surfaces such as bulletin boards or wall. This opens short of 180 degrees, placing the tip on the surface at an angle. But the angle seems to work quite well for attaching things to walls. There is no release lever for opening it, so you'll have to be careful not to eject a staple when opening or closing it.One of the purported features of this stapler is environmental friendliness. But the fine print tells you that it's 50% recycled content. And the finer print tells you that the number refers to the top part only. So if you are concerned about keeping plastic out of the landfills, this doesn't seem as if it will help in the long run compared to the 747, which is mostly metal. This stapler also comes with a one year limited warranty, compared to the lifetime limited warranty of the 747. That's not to say that this will fall apart after a year. I can't say how long it will last, and it will most likely last far longer. But I would expect an environmentally friendly product to be designed to last as long as possible.The stapler also features an anti-microbial design. Desktop items are good at picking up germs from regular use, and if this stapler's resistance saves you one trip to the pharmacy over its lifetime, that feature will let the stapler pay for itself. The technology for antimicrobial surfaces is mature enough that I would expect it to be effective. Thus of all the hyped features, this one may be the one that could make a real difference.Overall, I didn't find that this stapler lived up to its major selling point, but it works well and is a good stapler for the price. Had they not made the claim about environmental friendliness, I would have found that this deserves at least four stars, perhaps even more considering that it's a bargain.
The title says it all.  It is the same 'ol, same 'ol. Nothing new to the design of the stapler, the staples or the staple remover.  In fact I have been using a different type of staple remover that slips under the head of the staple between it and the paper because it doesn't tear the paper like the old kind (the one in this kit) does.  I can't fault and of the features as they are tried and true.  We'll see how long it lasts, but I don't think it is as sturdy as Swingline made them in the old days with all hardened steal.  So for that reason and the lack of any noticeable technological evolutionary change in each component I give it 4 out of 5 stars.
This stapler actually worked exactly the way I imagined it would based on other reviews and what I'd heard about it. Super easy to load and reload - doesn't require hardly any effort and anyone could do it. I was able to successfully staple 18 sheets of paper with very little effort, and may have been able to push for more if I really laid into it with some force. The wide base makes it easier to staple down on to when standing up with the stapler sitting at a desk. Very glad we got this and will be purchasing more for the office for sure!
What you get here is good for the price.  You get a stylish Swingline stapler, 5,000 staples and a staple remover.  But upon closer inspection you see the stapler is very lightweight and made of very thin plastic.  In the item description it states it is perfect as a workplace stapler.  I don't agree.  This stapler is meant for basic use in a home environment where it will get casual use.  If it were to get regular ongoing steady use it wouldn't hold up.  The plastic would eventually crack and the stapler only goes through a couple of pieces of paper at a time.  It is in no way meant for the heavy traffic in a work environmentBut if your purpose is for casual use or within a home office as I stated this stapler set really is a great deal.  The stapler is attractive and with casual use its lightweight making would be ideal.  So if basic use is your intent this stapler package is a great deal.
This is a nice, attractive, well-priced set. What else can you say about a stapler? It staples well, gets through a decent-sized stack of papers without jamming or malfunctioning (I was able to get through 17 pages with no problem.), it comes with an old-school shark-toothed staple-remover, and a box of 5,000 staples, which should ensure that you never need to buy staples again in your lifetime. Not bad for the price.
Two things that I have from Amazon that I find indispensable.  One, my Amazon basic paper shredder, and two, my new stapler from  Swingline.  Both come into use almost daily.The stapler helped me bunch and organize my 2014 taxes neatly.  My old hand held stapler wouldn't penetrate sufficient pages to be of any use for all those computer print outs.  The Swingline effortlessly stapled together the forms from my state return (16 pages), and for the Federal forms let me bunch and staple the forms into sections so that they are easily accessed and reviewed.I had long ago lost my staple puller and resorted to prying them loose with a letter opener.  Nice to have a puller again.  Though was received free thru Vine, it would be a good bargain at the offering price.
It's noting spectacular or out of the ordinary nor does it pretend to be. It's sturdy enough and works as you would expect. It's a nice set for a student desk as it comes with the pincher type staple remover, which works best instead of fingernails, as well as a box of staples.
This is a good set so you do not need to buy each piece separate.  It is the typical stapler that works well.  Only time will tell whether it is durable.
I have a stapler on my desk that I've had for almost 30 years (wow, that ages me). It's a Faber Castell and it has never failed me. However, we have other desks in the house, for kids and my husband, that also need staplers. the kids especially can be tough on staplers and they can also disappear in the netherworld of their rooms. So having a basic stapler like this Swingline is good enough for their needs. It does a fine job stapling, comes with a box of staples and a staple remover.It feels okay in your hands, nowhere near as solid as my 30 year beast - too much lightweight plastic and less metal. But it works cleanly and good enough for the price.If you have to staple a lot, I would suggest investing in a more expensive, sturdier model. Otherwise this is should be fine.
This stapler does everything a home stapler should do. As a bonus, it includes tons of staples and a staple remover, but it's still a little overpriced. I have only owned it for a few months and haven't used it much, so I can't review its longevity. If I experience any problems, I will update the review.
This is a great starter set. It includes everything you need: stapler, staples and staple remover. The stapler and staple remover both feel sturdy and are the quality I would expect from Swingline. It's not as heavy duty as the more expensive all-metal ones, but it still feels durable. The stapler opens and closes effortless for adding staples.Overall, no complaints at all.
I like this swingline stapler and staple remover. It has a nice medium weight and seems to be built pretty durable.  So far I have been using it a few weeks and I only had one hangup, although it was probably my fault when I put the staples in. I was easily able to do 20 sheets together. and it does open all the way for tacking signs on boards. There is also a nice rubber sleeve on the base to keep it stationary when in use. Overall, I really like the set and see it lasting for many years.
I've owned a lot of staplers. Some are ancient, others are newer, and all I ask of any of them is to work perfectly. I don't like jams, I don't like misfires, and I like staplers that are easy to refill. Well, this one is pretty good. Not as large or heavy as some of mine, but not cheap cheap either. If you need a slightly smaller stapler for your desk, this will work.
The stapler in this set is lightweight and feels cheap.  I've been using it for a few weeks now and it works fine, though.  The staple remover also feels cheap but works fine as well.  I question the future longevity of the set due to it feeling cheap and due to others' reviews.  I also own an old metal bostitch stapler and I must say it is sturdier than this one.
After getting tired of the garbage pens stocked in my office supply cabinet a long time ago, I have been trying out different pens in search of a really good pens at an affordable price.I first tried a few Zebra F301 ink pens; I liked these quite a bit, but as I tend to misplace my pens these ended up being a bit expensive, plus I had trouble finding the medium point (1.0mm) I preferred. I then found the Zebra Z-Grip Retractable Ballpoint Pen, 1.0 mm, Black Ink 12-Count which wrote pretty well and was cheap. I have been using these for at least the last four years.Recently I got hooked on the idea of gel pens and tried a few, including theBIC Triumph 730RT Gel Pen (0.7mm), Black, theuni-ball Signo Gel 207 Retractable Roller Ball Pen, Medium Point, and these Pilot G2 Fine Point pens.  It's a close call between the Pilot G-2 and uni-ball 207, but in the end I preferred the uni-ball.  Though both are 0.7mm gel pens, I think that the writing of the 207 is just a bit crisper than that of the G-2.  In addition 207 looks a bit more professional than the Pilot G-2, seems a bit less prone to smearing, and at least at current prices the 207 is less expensive than the G-2.That said the Pilot G-2 is far superior to the BIC 730RT and any inexpensive stick pens I've used and still my second favorite pen at the moment.  At the right price I would not hesitate to buy them again.
The ultra fine point is great, but it is very sharp.  If you have a heavy hand, you might not like these.The ink never seems to last as long as I think it should.  These are particularly bad.  I will buy them again, because I like the crispness of the line, but it's a bummer when they die out so fast.
This is actually a nice pen. The ink just flows out of it without any effort and it looks elegant on paper. The grip is nice and comfortable, especially with that little grip cushion. It's also retractable, which I prefer to the capped variety.However, this is not a good pen for lefties like me. It just smudges much too easily, and most lefties will know what I mean. If your job requires lots of writing, this can be a problem. For right-handers, this is a terrific pen, which is why I give it four stars (5 stars for right-handers, 2 stars for lefties).
These labels are great quality, but gold foil is so 1980's, and these look so cheap. I would not recommend using such a bold color for your mailing labels. Sure, Avery products are great, but this product is way too...metallic. It screams "I want attention." Great for labeling household stuff -- the labels are really bold! But, for God's sake don't use these to send your mail! You'll be sending the wrong message!
If you're looking for appropriate return address labels for your holiday cards, these Gold Foil labels will do the trick nicely. Although the labels are quite shiny, they work perfectly with an ink-jet printer. After printing, I quickly rubbed my finger against the printed text and was unable to smudge the ink at all. The labels have sufficient room for a logo next to your name and address. While you could fit four lines of text here, a slightly larger print size and three lines of text works well.I loaded these labels into an HP PhotoSmart C309n-s for printing. I initially had a little difficulty getting the paper to engage properly. The pages have to be loaded face down in this particular printer and the mechanism pulling in the paper has to engage with the fairly slippery backing of the adhesive labels. The backing plus the labels are somewhat thicker than some label pages so the HP failed to load the page at first. Reloading with fewer sheets solved the problem. This probably says more about the HP than about the Avery labels, but it's worth noting.Avery has a template for the 8257 at their website; that's the appropriate template for these 8987 labels. I downloaded the template and used it in MS Word without difficulties on my Mac. The process of downloading the template and opening it in Word was straightforward and intuitive.None of the labels peeled off or made any threat of doing so in the printing process. I printed using black ink; contrast is very good (obviously not as good as with white labels, but certainly more than acceptable). You might find that a bold typeface works well with these labels.The package contains 10 sheets of 30 labels each. If you don't use the template, I'd recommend you print on a blank sheet of paper initially, then hold it up to the address label sheet to ensure that everything lines up well. That way you won't waste a sheet of labels on off-center printing.
I used these for my Christmas cards and they looked terrific.  The template is easy to use and they printed well.  They are sticky enough to stay put (you can't reposition them once they are on).  I'm going to use them again next year.
The Avery labels have a distinguished, rich look to them which can give the 'touch of class' many of us love to an envelope. I found the on-line options for preparation to be very easy to use and versatile.Considering that printed labels can be obtained for a fairly low price, whether printing one's own is cost effective I cannot say. Yet the versatility and capacity for modifications is a plus, and the Avery label is of a quality to match that of those commercially ordered.
I had no difficulties running these through our Canon inket printer, and the labels look really nice when you print them.  I picked the gold color to use with our holiday cards for this year, and they look classy and elegant.That being said, it was a pain to deal with the template!  My version of MS Word didn't have the label number built into it as a template, so I had to go to Avery's website to download it.  From there, I tried copying and pasting the addresses I had typed into an old label template into this new one, and it got really wonky on me.  I've done the same thing many times before with other template numbers, so I'm not sure why this one was so screwy. I ended up up just re-typing all my addresses in, and then it was fine, but I wish it had been easier.Overall, this stick well and look nice!
I know these are supposed to be return address labels, but I ordered them because I thought they'd be great tags for Christmas gifts.  These high quality, glossy labels work very well for that purpose.  I also love their eye-catching gold color.There are, however, a few rules one needs to keep in mind when using these:1 - The instructions on each page say "Use best print quality settings"  This is imperative!  If you don't use your printer's best settings, you will get a low-quality label that smears horribly.  Using my HP Photosmart's highest quality settings made all the difference in the world.2 - Even when using my printer's best quality settings, I had to let the labels dry for a full minute before touching.  After they dried, they didn't smear.  However, touching them before allowing the labels to dry smeared the ink -- all over the page AND my fingers.When following the above rules, my labels were high quality and free of smears.  I think it's a small price to pay for such a pretty, high-quality label.I also like that you can download free templates from [...].  When using Avery's free templates, you have four options:1 - Avery Templates (a simple and basic download, works with MS Word & Adobe programs);2 - Avery Wizard for MS Office (a download that gives more options than the basic option and makes MS Word even easier to use);3 - Avery Design & Print Online (Online version that does not require a download, unfortunately I couldn't figure out how to print a single label without printing an entire page of the same label);4 - Avery DesignPro (a download that allows even more features than basic or MS Office templates.  All the templates are free, and you can use them with multiple Avery products (labels, gift cards, etc.)  These downloads (plus the Online version of their template) adds a lot of value to an already great product.
I don't know how many pre-printed labels I get from one source or another, but most of them manage to either spell my name wrong or butcher my address.  This year I used the Avery Gold foil labels to print my own return address labels, and am happy to say that they look great.  But most importantly, my name and address are correct.The label states that they are made expressly for an inkjet printer, however, I printed two pages on a laser printer using the feeing tray and the quality was exceptional.
I've used Scotch packing tape products before, but never a dispenser for this size roll.  Like the smaller dispensers I've used in the past, this dispenser makes using the tape a breeze.  Just pull out the desired amount of tape, rip it across the built in cutter and you're done.  I have no way to test the strength claims of this tape, but it does seem to be a bit heftier than the tape I'm accustomed to using, so it certainly seems likely that it would be stronger.  The roll of tape appears to be a conventional size, so the dispenser can probably be reused.
I have purchased low budget tapes in the past and have been disappointed because the tape tears WAY too easily, and subsequently becomes very hard to pull off the roll -resulting in frequent splitting, and lots of frustration.  Therefore, I really recommend avoiding bottom of the barrel items and aiming higher.This tape really fits the bill: it is really high quality, it will stick well to cardboard, it will stick well to itself, and it peels off pretty easily.My only concern, however, with this tape, is the price.  It is 180% of the cost of the same brand, but slightly thinner tape.  That seems high to me, and since I can buy great tape for half the price, I can't give it a full 5 stars.However, if you are not concerned about price, this product fits the bill in every other way.  Recommended.
How do I review tape? Maybe I should have thought of that before requesting it, but I needed packaging tape and I'd never tried this before. What the hey, right? Can't promise anyone this will be a good review, but hopefully it'll be somewhat helpful. Maybe, just a tiny bit, an eensy-weensy bit, okay maybe it won't be that either.So far, it's very nice tape: it sticks (always a plus), it doesn't shred like many others do, it's thicker, and overall it is superior to many I've tried. I'm not especially fond of the dispenser, I've come across better, sturdier ones, but it does the job. So would I recommend it? Sure, I guess it'd just depend on the price and if you have the need for super strength over regular packaging type.
Compared to the typical clear packaging tape one might purchase a store, this new Super Strength tape is noticeably thicker and stronger. However, it can still be finicky and prone to tearing on the dispenser. Be careful when you lift it up and roll it on the dispenser, or else it will tear almost as easily as traditional packing tape.
I've used a lot of packing tape over the years, shipping various boxes.  This tape is about as good as it gets... nice quality, plenty sticky, not too thin, etc.  The dispenser is okay too, and definitely beats a loose roll of tape and a pair of scissors.  It doesn't deal very well with the sticky end of the tape though... it has a place to sort of put it until the next time you use it so it doesn't just fall back against the roll and make you pull it off again, but it could be better in this regard.  What I like more is a good tape gun (like this one, which I use and love:3M Scotch Gray Box Sealing Tape Dispenser (H180)).  If you send a lot of packages, I'd suggest investing in one of those: they cost a little more up front, but they are easier to use, quicker, and more effective, once you get the hang of them.  Then you can just buy tape refills (like these ones:Scotch Mailing and Storage Tape 3650-4, 1.88 Inches x 54.6 Yards, 4-Pack), and save a little money that way.
I just received a Heavy Duty Clear Scotch Shipping Tape Dispenser, specifically, theScotch Super Strength Packaging Tape 3500, 1.88 Inches x 38.2 Yardsfrom Amazon.  This is good tape!  I've used other clear tape products in the past, some good, and some not good at all.  This tape feels strong and when I taped up a box, it held really well.  The amount of tape on the dispenser looks like it's not full though, so I didn't give this 5 stars.  For most people, this would be a good size, but if you were packaging a lot of boxes, I think you'd want a larger roll.  The plastic dispenser works well on this, a design that 3M has used for years on smaller rolls.  As with all of these types of dispensers, be careful, the cutting edge is sharp.  This dispenser can be refilled, and a new roll would easily be put into this holder (it was easy for me to remove the full roll, and easy for me to put it back into the dispenser).
You have seen the smaller Scotch Packaging tape dispensers? Well this is its big brother.It uses full sized rolls of clear package tape, almost 2 inches wide and you have 38 yards to work with, so you won't be running out too fast. It starts very easily, pulls and tears with little effort as well.Now, if I had a lot to tape, I would get a tape gun, but if you are just taping the occasional box for eBay or ship to family or friends, this is an item you will want in your desk drawer.
This tape is pleasingly thick and easier to use than the cheap stuff.  For uses where tape strength is important, this is my choice.  But there are still plenty of times when a double layer of store-brand packing tape is more cost-effective.
Perfect for the occasional shipper, this tape does a much better job than the easy-tear version. The roll and holder can fit inside our utility drawer, so I'm not hunting for it in some obscure spot. Good price too.
We found the tape to be more resistant to puncture and stretching...but the adhesive was only a bit stronger and so, would still release from a stressed carton...so, while this tape is better for packaging heavier items...the adhesive cannot be made 20 times stronger or the tape would be rather difficult to work with...much stronger tape with only a bit stronger adhesive may not be worth too much more than regular tape...save it for special packing needs when every precaution is warranted.
If there's one product on which 3M has built its reputation, it must surely be adhesive tape.This Scotch Super Strength Packaging tape does not disappoint regarding its strength and itsadhesion. It's certainly pricey compared to standard packaging tape, but for those occasionswhen maximum security is a must, by all means use it. The rather cheesy "Manufactured for 3M"dispenser is another story...I have my doubts that it will last the life of the tape withoutbreaking. If you manage to accomplish that feat, the dispenser is easily refillable with atwist of the wrist. I'd rather use this tape with a quality dispenser, so... recommended withreservations.
When I need a good, solid and strong packing tape that doesn't get tangled up, is easy to use and gives me a perfectly sealed package every time - I always choose Scotch. Purchasing it through Amazon for the first time, I wondered how it would compare to the local retailers in my area. The stores run the same tape for around $4.00 - $5.00 plus tax. Amazon ships this to you free w/Prime at just over $7.00. So, not such a great deal when considering making a single purchase. However, I noticed a package of 6 sells for just over $15 (free ship w/Prime & no tax) making them around $2.50 each. Definitely a better deal than the local stores and worth the purchase!
There is no question that this is high quality tape. Thick, with good tack, it does a great job of sealing boxes. If anything, it may be overkill for everyday use.The dispenser is more problematic. It certainly works fine for sealing a box here and there. If you only plan to seal a small number of boxes you can probably save a few bucks with a smaller roll in a smaller dispenser. Although this dispenser if refillable, if you plan to seal a lot of boxes you might want to spend a few more dollars and buy a tape gun. Although a gun takes some experience to use smoothly, the handle makes it much more comfortable for extended use. If you'll just seal a box now and then, but you'll eventually use a full role tape, this item is a good choice.
Firstly I was disappointed this wasn't a single Malt. You'd think a company called 'Scotch' would think their business model through a little more carefully.Now this packing tape is uber strong, more so than other brands I've so I used less when testing it thus saving lots of cash so I can buy more monkeys. Now it's sticky on one side - but here's the clever bit... it's not sticky on the other side! So your parcel doesn't accrue a whole bunch of unwanted fur balls, hair, other boxes and deck chairs during transit. And so when your package arrives it doesn't look like a Katamari Damacy ball. Very thoughtful of Scotch to give us only one sticky side.The dispenser needs work. Anyone willing to offer it a job?
#2951; Fuzzy Wuzzy's Summary:&#1150;&#1150;&#1150;&#1150; Recommended with warm fuzzies.For packing and mailing packages and boxes, this tape is great!  It is nice to not have to require a dispenser or scissors to use this tape.  Even though I had my doubts when I first started to use it, the tape does a decent job of tearing somewhat straight and perpendicular across the width of the tape.  And even though the tape is easy to tear across its width, it is impossible to tear this tape with my hands across its length, which is what I would hope and expect.So why did I give it 4 stars instead of 5?  Two gripes, which become more apparent the more that I use this tape:1) In order to reliably tear the tape, you hold it using the index finger and thumb of both hands, with the intended start of the tear positioned between both hands' fingers.  As you twist both of your hands in opposite directions, the tape begins to tear and you then continue the tear across the tape's width.  But that twisting action at the start of the tear often distorts and wrinkles the two corners of the tape edge from which you started the tear.  This wrinkling of the two corners causes these two corners to not stick as well and those corners may be more prone to coming loose on a package.  The other side of the tape, where you completed the tear, is not prone to this wrinkling and sticks onto packages and boxes better.2) This tape is as sticky as the regular (non-Tear-by-Hand) mailing/packaging tape.  But without using the tape from a dispenser, it usually quickly sticks back onto the main roll of tape, requiring you to look for the edge and lift the end of the tape off of the roll using your fingernail.  As with tearing the tape by hand, this lifting of the loose end using your fingernail can wrinkle the tape edge or corner again, possibly resulting in the tape not sticking as well.So while not needing a dispenser or scissors is very handy for quick or frequent taping tasks, especially if you frequently mail packages, I personally prefer using a dispenser as it gives me consistently straight edges and it does not cause wrinkling of the tape edge either due to tearing this tape by hand or due to picking at the tape edge using my fingernail to pull it off of the main roll each time.
It's tough to spice up a review about, well, tape.  However, if you're shopping for packing tape, you're probably just looking for function - and this stuff has it in spades.I've been using Scotch mailing tape for many years, mostly using their dispensers similar to the one linkedhere.  It has always worked very well for me.  It's durable, stays on, seals the boxes, and is pretty easy to apply.  I haven't seen a need to look for another product, and therefore I'd recommend it to anyone looking for mailing tape.So, what makes this different?  It requires no cutting tools (such as the dispenser) to get a clean, straight edge at a break.  Trying to rip mailing tape has never been easy for me, and while possible, it's never neat looking.  This product gives a straight line break with very little effort, and the tape seems to be of the same caliber strength as what I'm used to from Scotch.I was worried that this tape would tear too easily when on a package and break the seal, seeing as how it's designed to tear (as a note, it's designed to tear across the width of the tape and not along the length).  Anyone who's gotten a package delivered in, let's just say, not perfect condition knows the danger of having boxes and tape not hold up.  While I could get it to tear at the seam of a taped box edge, it wasn't easy to get my hands into the proper orientation to do it.  The tape is quite strong until you're able to apply force across the width of the tape at about a 180 degree angle, so I think it's unlikely to tear once applied.I don't mind the dispensers and actually find that they help get a straight line of tape on a box seam, but for anyone looking for the same caliber of tape in a tear-by-hand version, I say look no further - this stuff works.
Scotch Tear by Hand Packaging Tape is a newer product from Scotch, the best- known name in household tape. I have been using Scotch tape products for as long as I can remember but this, Scotch Tear by Hand Packaging Tape, is the first clear tape I have purchased from Scotch that doesn't include a tear- off bar. With this tape, you simply select a tape size of your own choosing, hold the edge, and tear it manually, without the aid of a serrated cutting bar.I like being able to tear by hand and this feature is a nice change of pace from other packing tapes, which often include a pertruding, metal bar needed to cut the tape. However, one fact about this tape that I noticed immediately is that the tape has to be gripped just right before tearing is possible. The best way to tear off a piece of this tape is to press the edge of the tape with one thumb, then grip the edge between the index finger and thumb of the opposite hand, and tear. The process is similar to the way you grip and tear open, say, a bag of potato chips. It sounds simple enough, but it can get a little frustrating if you do not have fingernails.Another reason it helps to have fingernails when dispensing this product is that it makes it easier to start a piece of tape. With traditional tape dispensers, it is easy to grab and begin a new piece of tape because the tape is ready to go at all times- all you have to do is lift up the tape, from the cutting bar, pull the desired length, and then tear it across the cutting bar. With this product, all you have is an open roll of tape, and that means you must rotate the tape, find the edge, gradually work it loose with a fingernail, and then pull off a piece. Each time you use the tape, the process must be repeated. For this reason, Scotch Tear by Hand Packaging Tape isn't very useful when you need to tape quickly. In these instances, a roll of tape with a cutting bar is a must.Tape is essential and Scotch is certainly the name- brand leader in clear tape, packing tape, and most other types of tape. I like that Scotch has created this new style of tape and I agree that it is a nice change of pace and good for convenience purposes. The price is quite high and it can get frustrating for those without long fingernails, but this is still a handy product that makes a good addition to your office supply cabinet.
I use packing tape to seal packages and to tape down table cloth covers.  This tape works just as well as regular packing tape for both situations.  The difference is that I don't have to have scissors or a tape gun with this tape.  The other difference is tape price.The tear by hand tape is handy.  I like that aspect.  It tears easily without bunching up (most of the time). The tape keeps my packages sealed and holds down my cloth table covers in outdoor wind.If you don't like using a tape gun and find yourself fighting with standard packing tape, this tear by hand tape is a viable option.  I wish it were a cheaper option.  5 stars for ease of use.  4 stars for price.
Great product- in every way looks and performs like traditional packing tape except you can tear it by hand. It doesn't have any "pre-cut" or scored lines or anything where you have to tear it, either.I've only used it to *send* packages, and I haven't received any complaints, so I am assuming it holds up very well to the elements and the rigours of being sent cross the country or across the oceans.  It's easy to use, sticks fairly well, doesn't do that funky "wrinkle and bunch up on itself" stuff that some thinner tapes do.
As Scotch/3M says in their own review:"Scotch Tear-By-Hand Tape is the ultimate in convenience, because no scissors or dispensers are needed for use. This clever tape tears straight and easily--with just your hands--yet it seals securely. Because it's so simple to use, Scotch Tear-By-Hand Tape will quickly become the favorite go-to solution for your general mailing, shipping, and moving needs."Occasionally, I'll ship a lot of boxes, weighing generally no more than 2 to 3 pounds each.  After trying this tape, while I still feel more secure with a heavier packaging tape, I believe this would be a very good (but also very expensive) alternative to pay for that convenience.  I buy Scotch packaging tape in 6-roll packages when it is on sale (and it IS my go-to favorite), and I would buy this only if I got the same value (quantity of tape) for my money.As Scotch itself is wise to say in that last sentence above, "... for your GENERAL mailing, shipping and moving needs."  I would NOT use this tape for heavier packages in ANY of those circumstances (especially moving), but for small to medium-size bubble envelopes and packages up to a few pounds (3 or 4 at the most), I would use this tape and have to admit being able to tear the quantity you need by hand IS a pretty cool convenience.
This is great tape to have on hand when you don't have a regular packing tape dispenser handy.  I might keep it in my car's glove box.  It does tear by hand fairly easily.  The only negative is that once you tear off the piece of tape that you are using, you have to find the end of the tape again on the roll, as it re-adheres itself to the roll again, somewhat invisibly.  But once you find it, it is easily lifted to use again.
As much as I love playing with a tape gun, I really don't need one anymore. This tape pulls off the roll with ease, then you just tear it like you'd tear a piece of paper.  I couldn't believe how simple it was.  When I first saw the description, I thought it would be more like surgical tape (with perforations or embedded threads).Nope...it looks and feels like normal packing tape.Not that I won't miss my tape gun--because I will--but it sure is convenient to have this small roll of tape in my packing center.As happy as I am with this product, I'm dinging it one star for price.  The current price of over $14 for two rolls seems pretty spendy.  Hopefully the price drops over time.
I ship a lot of packages and go through a lot of tape. Whenever I'm applying tape and I do not have one of the dispensers with a serrated blade for cutting the tape, I end up using my teeth. It's not the right solution, but it's quick and functional.I used this new type of tape today for the first time and found that it does indeed rip with relative ease when peeling it from the roll. That's good because there is no dispenser or serrated edge with this product. I am a little concerned though that the ease of tearing will result in a box popping open during transport. That led me to use more of this tape as compared to other, more tear-resistant, tape when sealing boxes. It is for this reason that I give this product a 4-star rating.All in all it's a good product, but it probably will not save you all that much time. If you are using a packing tape dispenser and normal packing tape, you can do the same job in less time and with less tape.
Standard package tape, such as the Priority Mail tape that used to be free from the Post Office, is 1 7/8" wide, is often plasticized, and adheres quickly and strongly. The downside of this form of tape is that it does not typically come on any sort of dispenser. If you're moving or shipping items, and therefore frequently using such tape, you'll often hear, "Where are the scissors," "Where's the knife," or inappropriate language following attempts to tear the packing tape with an inappropriate item (e.g. keys, pens, fingernails, etc.) with a resulting mass of packaging tape unspooling around and sticking everywhere in sight.Scotch would like to see all that end. They've therefore come up with packing tape that can be easily torn by hand. The tape itself is 1 7/8" wide. It looks very much like Scotch's older cellophane tape made larger and isn't plasticized. As a result, it is easier to handle and doesn't quickly move toward a package as a result of static electricity. But since the tape is "bulkier, it doesn't seem to have quite the adhesive power of the plasticized tape. From a stickiness measure alone, I'd therefore limit use of this tape to small packages - if you're sending a book or CD to someone, this is perfect. If you're moving a box of heavy books, I'd go for regular tape.Once you're done taping up your box, you simply tear the tape. There's a slight twist at first, and then the tape gives and cleanly tears straight across. Here's where the tape gets interesting: it appears to be designed to tear only in one direction, perpendicular to the edge of the tape. You therefore cannot tear off a few feet of tape and then rip a stretch down the middle to double the length of your tape, at least not without a pair of scissors. The benefit of this approach is that the tear is always clean; you don't end up with a messy seam at both ends of your packing tape. This isn't a world-changing innovation, but a few rolls of this tape will forever end the issue of needing to find the scissors before packing up a box for shipment.
This came just in time to rebox all our Christmas items for storage.  It is so so very handy to be able to tear off a piece of tape by hand, and to not have it stick to itself while you try to seal.  The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because it is not as "sticky", which helps it not cling to itself, but also lets it come unattached from over-full boxes.
The tape is really easy to use, since you can tear it by hand. I used it to pack three parcels, one of them was rather big and weighted over 10 lbs, and all of them arrived safely. The tape seems to be thinner then other mailing tapes, though, and it did not stick very well to cardboard boxes and was really easy to remove, which might mean that the package, especially if heavy, might burst during mailing.
Apparently, tear-by-hand Scotch tape has been around for years. I have never seen an advertisement for it (and I watch a lot of television and read a lot of magazines!). I assume this is because 3M considers it to be a niche product.I finally was able to try it out and am very impressed. I found that it ripped easily. However, there is a reason it's not a popular product, and that is likely due to the high price per square inch. If the convenience of not needing scissors readily available is important, this is a terrific purchase.
Scotch Tear-by-Hand Tape works just as advertised ... it seals boxes securely, but can be cut without having to resort to a pair of scissors or a tape dispenser.Now the only slight negative is that the Tear-by-Hand Tape carries a price premium over my current favorite,Scotch Super Strength Packaging Tape, and in my case I don't ship so many things that I would justify the added cost of Tear-by-Hand Tape.  But by all means, if you don't feel like dealing with a dispenser or scissors then Tear-by-Hand Tape is a great product.
I'm really loving Scotch's Tear-by-hand tape, especially during this holiday season.I have yet to find anything that it doesn't adhere to. Sometimes on the kraft mailers packing tape doesn't want to stick, that is definitely not the case with this stuff.Tearing it by hand is not an issue at all, works exactly as advertised. And surprisingly it is really strong tape, it doesn't just rip super easy or anything.Only issue I have is the width, it's the smaller 1.88" and not 2", thus it does not fit in theST-181 Tape Hand Dispenser. Yes I know it is tear by hand, but a tape dispenser makes packing a million times easier and faster.Overall, great tape for the infrequent mailer that doesn't have many packages to ship and can resort to doing each one by hand.Pros:Sticky!Really good tensile strength, stretches quite a bit before it breaks.Does indeed tear-by-hand.Cons:1.88" wide, prefer 2" or wider tape.
I use a decent amount of mailing/packing tape, and half the time I don't have scissors handy, so this tape really comes in handy. Before I got it, I didn't believe it would actually be tearable by hand, but it is! YAY! The only reason it doesn't get five stars is because it is quite expensive.
I was very skeptical when I saw this Tear-by-Hand packing tape.  I seriously didn't believe that it would be possible to easily tear this tape with just my hands.  It turns out that this tape is incredibly easy to tear by hand.  I found this tape to be a bit more adhesive than the regular Scotch packing tape that requires a dispenser to cut it.  I suppose that extra adhesive quality is a plus to some, but I like how the run of the mill Scotch packing tape allows me to reposition it if I don't have things lined up perfectly the first time.  I think the biggest drawback to this tape is you need to fight with it to peel the tape off the roll since there isn't a dispenser to keep the end of the tape off the roll.
I found that this tape performed as described; it is easy to tear by hand and seals packages. I don't think it is as sticky/strong as the usual type of tape, but it is adequate for most purposes. I noticed it is much more economical to buy the four-pack, so if you use a lot of tape, that would be a safe bet.
I received a 17.4 yard roll to review for the vine program which is very small so I cannot really say how handling the larger roll works in regards to ease of use. The small roll is easy to use. I had and item from Christmas to return and used this tape. It held my label on and the package closed well. I have no fears it will come lose traveling some 1,000 miles. It is easy to tear but it is a two handed process. When I pack a large box I usually and trying to keep the box closed and tight so a dispenser is needed.I can see this being the best tape if a child is using it as those dispensers have very sharp edges that easily can cut the hand. I like that you can get it started easy when it is stuck to it's self. Some clear packing tapes pull off in ribbons and you can never get them going full size.Perhaps the large size you could put on one wrist and have the hand free I don't know as I said my review is of a 17.4 yard sample roll.
This tape is easy to use and sticks well. It tears by hand easily and doesn't tend to easily fold over on itself like a lot of packaging tape. It is sturdy enough to hold boxes made of heavy cardboard closed and I used it to tape boxes of storage for my classroom. Very handy to keep around and I like the fact I don't need a big bulky dispensor.
This is exactly what it purports to be -- an excellent packing tape (always had great results with Scotch brand tape and adhesives) which can tear by hand rather than needing scissors, teeth, or a dispenser.  However, it can be cumbersome if you are a frequently packaging.  Since there is no dispenser, then when you use a roll, you let the tape stick back on itself -- necessitating that you find the edge and peel it back every single time you go to use it a fresh time.  Not such a bad payoff if you're the occasional user and want to throw a roll in your desk drawer without a huge dispenser taking up room.  But if you frequently package boxes for delivery, you'd be better off with the right tool for the job and that would involve a packaging tape dispenser and regular ol' packing tape will do in that case.
I have to say, I really love this tape! I get so tired of the normal tape dispensers that keep losing the end of the tape, this stuff just WORKS and it's easy to lift up the end of the tape, pull it out, and rip off what you need. Nothing to cut myself on either. I'm not sure I'd use it for long-term packing and storage, but for shipping it seems to be just fine. My only real complaint is the price, for the yardage it's really pretty expensive, enough that I have to question whether it's really worth the premium cost. At a cheaper price, it'd be a no-brainer.
This tape certainly fits its description -- you don't need any tools but your hands to tear it. It is an excellent quality shipping tape for the home shipper -- but ouch, the price. A pack with a 100 yards will easily cost you more than tape you can't tear with your hands. No doubt it's convenient, but if you're shipping more than one box a month, you'll quickly need to buy more of this stuff. The thickness rivals other quality Scotch shipping tape products (which I have regularly used with a dispenser; a package from my local warehouse club.) The adhesive is great, but not excellent, as I'm noticing some curling on boxes when applied (you just need to push it down a bit more when applying.)In other words, I give it a qualified good review. You just need to realize this is NOT cheap tape and that it's only for the occasional shipper.
Tear by hand packing tape is a great idea and can certainly come in handy.  Scotch's Tear-by-Hand Tape is fairly easy to use.  You just pull down against the tape and it easily starts to tear and does so in mostly a straight line, so the product certainly works as advertised.  I consider the thickness of the tape to be between the economy mailing tapes and some of the better Scotch mailing tapes, so it's not too thin.  But to be tear by hand, it has to be a little thinner than some of Scotch's other mailing tapes.  This would be a great tool for smaller mailing jobs.Overall, the idea is a good one and it might be handy to have sitting in a drawer when needed.  Generally speaking, I go through enough packing/mailing tape to use one of the dispensers and keep it stocked with the larger rolls.  This item would certainly be recommended for those that go through less mailing tape or do not need it for large jobs.  Also, without a dispenser you might often lose the end of the tape.  Of course, this is a small problem and you can simply fold a small piece over so that you can easily find the end next time.
My view of packing tape is that it is one of those annoying things in life that you just have to deal with.Out of all of them Scotch is probably the best but still I become annoyed wishing for better.This tear by hand tape makes a great leap in that direction!It actually tears remarkably easy but yet does not seem to impact the quality of the product and the overall function.I don't have to have a second person help me seal a packageor try and keep the roll of tape in place while I reach for a scissorsor yet again use my teeth when I realize that I forgot to get the scissors....or try to hassle with the dispenser the tape comes with (which enviably ends up loosing the end of the tape)this tears quite easily yet adheres well  --it has the typical look and feel of Scotch clear packing tape but is remarkably easy to usethe one problem still is that if the end fully adheres to the roll of tape it is hard to start lift the end off
Absolutely top-notch tape -- nice and thick, adheres well, and is easy to tear by hand (I'd tried a tear-by-hand tape about 5 years ago when I first noticed the product, but that tape was a lot harder to tear -- I think they have improved it a great deal.)  Sometimes it doesn't tear on the first try, but I'd say about 80%-90% of the time it does. Mind you, it's not going to be as easy (obviously) as masking tape it to tear, but it's easier than most duct tapes.One disappointing thing?  The roll really is a LOT thinner than the picture seems to show.  Note that 50 yards is not much -- this is less than normal (non tear-by-hand) tape that is usually given on a roll.  I was shocked when I got it that it looks to have about 1/3 to 1/2 less tape on the roll than the picture shows.  So not a good value if you're going to need to use a LOT of packing tape, but very convenient if you only need a bit of packing tape now and then.
I got interested into this packaging tape as it seems to eliminate the need for a serrated tape cutter.  It is quite easy to cut by hands, it just need a little tug of your fingers.  I was surprised, that it also cuts smooth, even and very clean as regular tapes split or cut in a haphazard way.So, the verdict is that it is very convenient tape to use.  No need for a pair of scissors, nor a serrated tape accessory which I have suffered a cut before.If there is a con, the tape is less strong than regular tapes.  I taped an envelope and a box, and then I tried to rip both the envelope and the box to see how they held up.  Both instances, the tapes ripped easily compared to regular tapes.I love this tape; I even used it to a  lot of gift wrapping this last Christmas.  I may only be a little wary to use it if security and safety is very an important concern.
As I've had this tape longer I've upped the star rating and have made some edits toward the positive!I do a lot of packaging & shipping of various sized boxes and for time's sake, applying the tape directly from the roll to the box is most efficient. When I have applied "enough" I grab the scissors and cut.Sometimes I lose the scissors, sometimes I misplace them, sometimes I use a lock back utility knife. I was thinking this product may solve all of my issues. I still use the old tape dispenser sometimes but this is invaluable in the "quick tape job and ship it!!!" scenario.The tape does what it advertises-- it rips in nice clean tears and does not require scissors. It does, however, require a decent grip on the tape with two hands, so applying it to a box and just "tearing" with a quick flick of the wrist which works with some other regular tapes does not work any better with this tape. It really does require a solid grab on each side to rip it. Update: After using it more, there is a bit of a learning curve and I've mastered it.  I no longer find tearing difficult.It does adhere well and is of good thickness and is overall a good tape.  You can use it with scissors, so overall, it's not a bad tape. I can't say that the price justifies the extra functionality, but for some people it really may!~
This is called Tear-by-Hand Tape, but it took me a while to figure out how to actually tear it.  I don't have much strength, but it should be easier to tear across than it is.  For me, I would prefer the tape that has a place to tear it off or just use scissors.Other than that, it's a sturdy strong tape that works well for those packages that I need to return to Amazon and other shopping sites.
The tape works as advertised, although it might take some people a bit of practice to begin tearing the tape on their first try.  Not knowing how much pressure/strength to use it took me two or three attempts the first few times I used the tape, but after that, it was quite simple and proved highly efficient.  The reason I'm giving the tape four stars is mainly because I think the tape itself isn't the best in terms of quality.  It isn't bad quality, simply not great.  The best tape I've used thus far is Scotch Super Strength Packaging Tape, which goes for a little less than $6 at the moment (although it is only 38 yards to this tape's 50; then again, during packaging you'll probably use less of it compared to this product).
I havent had any issues tearing this tape by hand. I ship a lot of packages and I find this feature to be incredibly helpful. If you use a lot of packing tape, a tape gun would probably still be easier (makes finding the end of the tape easier) but if you don't ship every day, this tape a great alternative.
The Scotch Tear-by-Hand tape isn't always so easy to tear by hand. You sometimes hit a spot in the tape that just doesn't want to rip, but if you move over one way or another just a little bit, it will tear. Haven't quite figured that one out yet. Other wise the tape works great. It sticks well and it is handy to just be able to grab a small roll of tape without it having to be in a dispenser or having to grab a pair of scissors to cut the tape. I do a lot of mailing of packages and found that this tape has come in handy to tape the pre-printed address labels onto the box. Overall, I do like it and will more than likely get more just because it is so handy.
Easy way to print up name badges for your next meeting or get together.  They are large enough to print the names big enough for people to see them.  They look very professional.  No more handwritten name badges. Avery labels are easily printed in Word.  I highly recommend these name badge labels.
I ordered these name badges because I thought they might be suitable for more then one kind of project.Yes, you can use them as name badges, and it's nice that you can peel them off the sheet by either the front, for more of an individual use, or from the back, like punching them out, if you need to do more then one badge at a time.The writing surface on these is large enough for more then a name, since the labels themselves are plain white.  So you could embellish them with markers or whatever, if you choose too.You do have the option to label them by hand, or by laser or inkjet printer.These labels are flexible, they feel somewhat like paper, light, but they seem more substantial then that.  They do seem like they would stick well, not fall off, but at the same time they are easily removeable, if say you are using them on clothing, as name badges.These name badges are not suitable for all clothing.  They do take off a little bit of material when you peel them off, but they didn't damage the shirt I put them on, it was more like fuzz on the back of the name badge.  I guess comparable to other name badges.  I haven't worn that many name badges in my lifetime to really compare.I wanted these in part for labeling sheet protectors, where I label the front of the sheet protector, usually by year, but there is room on the label if I want to add more information.There are 160 name badges, so more then enough for more then one use, for many projects.It would have been nice had they had some decorative border, to give them some personality, instead of just plain white, but then the way they are, you are only limited by your own imagination.Another reliable, multi purpose product from Avery.
The Avery 8395 labels -- generically called name badges -- are outstanding in both features and price.  Following are four pluses and two minuses.+ + + STICKYAt the Kansas City, Missouri, affiliate of Habitat for Humanity, where I've been volunteering on construction job sites since 1997, we all wear name tags.  These tags are merely strips of duct tape written on with a marker, and I can tell you from all those years of experience that they fall off pretty readily when applied to clothing that then endures several hours of twisting and turning and stretching and contracting and pulling and -- don't forget -- sweating.This product withstands all those problems, so you can imagine how much better it will withstand the rigors of, say, your typical business seminar where the guests wear business suits, unless your business seminars frequently include guests wearing overalls and do-rags and muscle shirts and construction boots and tool belts.These Avery 8395 name badges stay stuck.  Let me tell you how I know.  Yesterday afternoon I attached one to a t-shirt and then here's what I did:== Mowed the lawn and did some other yard work, enough to work up a sweat== Wrestled with our 70-pound dog for a while== Rode my motorcycle for half an hour, at one stretch reaching 70 miles per hour (in a 35 mph zone)== Just to see what would happen, I literally scrunched the badge and the fabric underneath it; at first I scrunched pretty lightly, but then I scrunched pretty darned much, a total of maybe half a dozen scrunches altogether== Removed the badge and replaced it== Doffed the shirt and re-donned it== Finally, I slept in the shirt.Then I took the photograph I've added to the Amazon listingAvery Adhesive Name Badges, 2.33 x 3.375 inches, White, Pack of 160 (08395)for these Avery 8395 labels.  As you might not be able to tell, so I will tell you, except for a couple of light crinkles the badge is pristine, because the material it's made of, which I assume is some sort of plastic, is more flexible and thus less likely to crease than paper.  It wants to conform to the shape of the clothing it's attached to no matter how that shape changes.But what's more impressive is that it's still stuck securely to my t-shirt.  After all the grief I put it through, it should have given up and fallen off at SOME point, but it never did.Later: I started another test.  I thoroughly soaked a portion of a different t-shirt with water, and then I applied another of these badges, which I think must be an extreme test.  As of now, an hour later, the badge is firmly planted on my chest, and the fabirc is still faintly wet.And now it's the next day and I've slept wearing the second badge, and I've also scrunched it roughly a few times, and I've also removed it and replaced it twice (no, no wind test or dog-wrestling this time), and it is still stuck quite nicely, thank you.To reiterate, this name badge stays stuck really well.+ + + STURDYAnd not only does it stick well, it's also really sturdy.You literally can't tear these badges apart with your fingers without considerable effort.  If a normal paper badge can be torn with X amount of shear force, these badges won't tear till you've applied maybe 20 times that X amount.  I estimate that 50% of your average grandmothers literally could not tear one of these badges in half.  The plastic film strongly resists efforts to rip instantly in twain and instead merely deforms, which I assure you, even if I can't describe it well, is less catastrophic.+ + + WRITING SURFACEThe front face, the one you write on, feels slicker than paper and seems to be perfect for writing on with a marker; it has just the right texture or the right finish or something.+ + + TWO-WAY REMOVALThis product offers yet another handy feature -- two-way removal -- which is clever.  Expensive, I'm sure, but no less clever.In one scenario you, the badge-monkey, use some sort of broad-stroke marker to write in the guest's name on a badge and then remove it from the backing and hand it, sticky-side down, to that guest, at which point the next move pretty much has to be that that guest applies it to his or her clothing right then and there.  And you can do that with this product as well, if you remove the badge from the FRONT of the sheet as is normal.But if you remove it from the back of the sheet you get a different result.  The result is a separate badge with its backing still attached.  This means you also have the option of merely handing out those self-contained badges, presumably along with a marker, to guests as they arrive.  They can then do the writing and then the removal of the backing (and then the application to their clothing) themselves, and they can do it at their leisure, after putting down their Blackberries and their briefcases.Another option, of course, is for you, the badge-monkey, simply to remove a whole bunch of these badges from the backs of the sheets and lay them out on a table or a counter and direct your guests to them.- - - PRICEAs I think I prove below, no matter how you measure it per inch these name badges are expensive, so you should decide whether they are worth it.  (Prices vary over time, so keep that in mind if you are reading this long after I wrote it, which is April 10, 2011.)At 10 cents per yard, 2-inch duct tape costs $0.009375, or just under a penny, for a name tag that's 3-3/8 inches wide.  At, say, $25 per 400, these Avery 8395 badges, which are cut to that same 3-3/8 inches in width, cost $0.0625 each, which is 6-2/3 times more expensive.  If you account for the fact the badges are 2-1/3 inches high instead of only 2 inches, they're still 600% more expensive than the same acreage of duct tape.Perhaps a more useful point of comparison, unless you're supplying rough, tough Habitat for Humanity volunteers with name tags, is that one model (Avery Border Name Badge Labels, Red, Pack of 100, 2.34 x 3.375 Inches (5140)) of Avery's plain badges of the same dimensions is available on Amazon for, let's say, 3-1/2 cents each, which still makes the fancier Avery 8395 model nearly 80% costlier.(If I got any of that math wrong, please leave a comment.)- - - FORBIDDEN SURFACESAside from these name badges' high price, a drawback is the fact the manufacturer warns, "Do not apply to vinyl, plastic, leather, suede, velvet, curduroy, silk or other delicate fabrics."  I want to know what happens if you do, but I've run enough tests already on these Avery 8395 badges, don't you think?
We've all used this tape so what could possibly be better about this newest type?Well, I'm here to tell you that it is actually stronger. This shipping tape is thicker than the earlier version that 3M put out last year and it's much stickier, which is a huge improvement.I ship expensive art items all over the country. I also pack away some art items from time to time. There's nothing scarier than to see something you value sitting in storage with the lid popped open. When shipping tape doesn't hold any better than Magic Tape, what's the point?  Yet, roll after roll of their older version did not work well for me on brand new clean boxes.This new brand feels smoother as well and you can tell the adhesive will hold better, it simply feels stickier to your fingers. After testing a few strips on cardboard, it proved to me that it's better. The old version simply comes away from the cardboard without tearing it while the new version takes off the first layer of paper.  I'm sold.One thing that is most bothersome is the fact that the start of each roll (the dead space that allows you to get the tape started) is not quite at the end of the strip. So, in essence, it's purpose is somewhat canceled out. It's just as hard to get into these rolls as it would be with zero starter space. For that, they lose a star from me.
Certainly this is very strong tape.  No doubt about that.  But.  . from my experience.  . it really doesn't stick very well.  Though it looks like it's stuck to the box. . . it comes right up if you pull on the edge.  I send a lot of packages to soldiers in Afghanistan.  In the past I purchased Tartan brand tape on Amazon and was very happy with it.  No, it's not nearly as strong, but it sticks well, and I always make sure I once along the seam, and then twice across the seam (like an "H") no matter what type of tape I'm using, and I've never had a problem.Also, the cost of this tape is CRAZY EXPENSIVE.  No only look at the cost, and the number of rolls. . .but also how much is on the roll.  It's usually a MUCH better value to purchase 100+ yards on a roll as opposed to 54-yards.Tartan Sealing Tape, 1.88 x 109 Yards, Clear, 6 Rolls (3690)
We go through a lot of packing tape in our house. Scotch brand is good quality. It gets the job done without ripping or splitting. We've tried going for cheaper brands before, but it gets so frustrating when the tape splits that the lower price doesn't feel worth it. We are happy with Scotch!
I have used pretty much every tape out there (but I admit I usually buy what is on sale).  So I was drawn to this product's "Heavy Duty" and "20X Stronger" labels.  I do find it exceptionally thick and well-behaved in that it goes where I want it to and does not move around nor wrinkle very much.But this tape simply does not seem all that strongly adhesive to me. In fact, I am able to tear it off from a cardboard box quite easily with practically none of the cardboard lint coming off on the tape.In general, I look for the best adhesion at a fair price.  This is OK adhesion at a not-OK price.  Hopefully 3M can adjust its pricing in the future, in which case, I would certainly buy more of this particular tape.
While this product is excellent in every way, there are less expensive product that will be sufficient.  If money is no object and the highest quality is what you need or want, then this your product.  Otherwise, you may want to shop around.  At the current pricing of $29 for 6 rolls, I think you can do better, and I am not sure it's worth it.
I go through a LOT of packing tape so I thought I would give the Scotch Super Strength Packing Tape a try. Ok...well, what is there to say about tape. It sticks well. It cuts good out of the dispenser (you have to have your own dispenser as these are refill rolls). It's a little hard to get a fresh roll started, they do have a spot where you are supposed to be able to get a new roll started, but it is difficult to grab hold of that to get it started (these are not e-z start rolls). My only other complaint with this tape is that I think because it is so much thicker of a tape, it sometimes has a tendency to want to wrinkle if you don't keep it going in a perfectly straight line while laying it down. Other than that, it does what it should and I have not had any complaints yet about the tape being unstuck from a package.
Recently our VP actually sent out an email asking the rest of us in the office if we knew where his stapler was and all I could picture was Milton fromOffice Space.  Although he was serious about the question it brought a lot of laughs and conversations about the movie. So when I realized that he was approaching his 19 year anniversary with the company I knew exactly what to get him - his very own Red Stapler.Besides it being a novelty item, it is a reliable stapler. We use it with theSwingline Premium Chisel Point Staplesand have had no jamming in use.  It's funny how something so common as a stapler can brighten a persons day, as it did when he received his. I would definitely recommend!
I suppose many people would consider me a stapler geek.  I use them extensively to organize at work.  I even use the pin feature.I have Swingline 747 (older all metal USA version) and although it's a great stapler, I consider the Swingline 444 to be it's equal.  The 444 is a heavier duty version and suprisingly, less expensive.My favorite staplers?  Either my Bostich B12G Spartan or my Bates 56, both from the 60's...Both still see daily use....
If you use a lot of rubber bands in your daily work, this might be a *very* functional item for you. I don't use them that often, and I'm a little concerned that the bands will dry out, crack and break by the time I do. However, I like it mostly because it is a neat and attractive way to keep a few rubber bands on my desk, within easy reach. So, I won't worry too much about them drying out...by that time, I'll probably just get another. Lots of folks have noticed it on my desk and asked about it. So...functional and interesting as a desk accessory.
For home use, I suggest not showing it to your kids.  I made that mistake , and they lost it bouncing it down the deck stairs.Before that I used  number of the bands ad it struct me they were clean and good quality.
No doubt about it, this is a clever way to store rubber bands for use. There isn't anyone who has worked in an office who hasn't tried to pull one rubber band out of the drawer with several others escaping like a wild dog anxious to go outside. So the storage idea is cool.  My complaint would be that the bands used seem very brittle like there won'r be much stretch before they break.  I haven't used enough of them yet to say for sure.
As  other reviewers have noted, this may not be your best bet for really functional rubber bands.  However it's a great office prop, and kids really love it.  My two year old thinks it's the best thing ever.  You can definitely bounce it so the bands don't fly off.  If you're looking for rubber bands you definitely need, you'd probably be better off with standard packaging.
What can I say but plenty of rubber bands for many uses.They would be good for a newspaper delivery person and my grandkids like to use them for their rubber band guns.I only gave them a few so they don't shoot them all over the house.They stretch to about eight inches and come in several colors.
The ball is nice and bright color wise, and the size of a baseball or a bit smaller. The rubber bands are not the flimsy type but a bit thicker/wider. So a nice addition to a desk.
These rubber bands are packaged well in an attractive little box. They are also colorful and a good size and width. I frequently use rubberbands in the kitchen for holding plastic covers over bowls and cups for leftovers. These rubberbands will do well for that task. I don't assume they will hold up for more than a few months of use, and judging them by that standard, they are adequate for my purposes.I think this would make a cute gift for a "secret Santa" occasion at work.
... but I have a feeling these spend more time bouncing on floors and walls than being deconstructed for the bands. It's as much a toy as it is an office supply, but it's the neatest way to organize rubber bands and they don't come off until you remove them.
Some users are complaining of brittle bands. This happens as the rubber ages and is, perhaps, an argument for buying this at a brick-and-mortar store where you can inspect the quality and make sure it isn't old stock. My bands are fine and stretch to between 9 and 10 inches without breaking. The colors are a tad more dull than one of the marketing photos suggest, but the product is otherwise entirely as expected.
This is always one of those things that people ask about when they see it.  &#34;Did you collect all those rubber bands?&#34;  &#34;Does it bounce?&#34; are the two most common questions I get when people first see it.The rubber bands themselves are easy to come off -- but they aren't very big.  The ones that form the outer ball are stretched out a bit.  I wouldn't have minded seeing larger bands, but I understand the limitation.Overall, a great way to keep your rubber bands on hand -- and a good conversation piece too!
My expectations were too high. I though this was going to be a brightly colored ball that looked like a toy. It looks like what it is, which is an uninteresting ball of thin, dull-colored rubber bands made in Thailand. If the photo I took loads correctly, you will see that there are tiny discolorations on many of the bands. So what, they're still useful. But the colors aren't as bright and cheery as I'd hoped. Still, it is kind of cute. And it bounces fairly well. 2 1/2" diameter ball. 1/8" rubber bands in blue, reddish, yellowish, green, and gray-white colors. Reviewers who've had them longer say the quality isn't great. I don't doubt that since they already feel cheap and fragile.
This foot rest is easy to set up and is very sturdy. The top has a nice grippy surface that really holds my feet.The only gripe is that it is a bit easy to tip if you put one foot on it close to either edge.
I didn't really think I'd use this, but I actually love it.  It really helps me keep my feet/legs in the proper position when I am at my computer, which, sadly, is way too often and way too long.  I tend to tuck my legs under me, or wrap my feet around the chair rungs.  Since I've started using this, I don't feel the need to.  The only negative is I like to push it like a sewing machine peddle so I'm not just keeping it in one position.  It doesn't impact its function, but it drives my dogs nuts.  I'm glad I tried it.
This foot rest does allow for a more ergonomic position and, although it takes a little getting used to, it begins to grant some relief to those who work on their computer for a good part of the day.  It is also easily adjustable to for those of different heights.  The one thing I would warn about is for those who have an "L-shaped" desk who may shift positions.  This is a solid metal footrest and one would need to be careful shifiting around as it would be rather unforgiving.  Aside from that, a rare concern, it does pretty much what is expected.
As far as foot rests go this one is pretty nice.  Large enough for my size 10 feet to have plenty of room so I can sit comfortably at my desk.  The up/down swivel feature makes it easy to obtain different inclines instantly so that I'm not forced to sit with my feet at a constant angle but can rock the top of the foot rest back and forth as desired.  I like to sit barefoot sometimes at my desk at home and the top of the foot rest has a rough grip adhesive but it's not at all painful to my feet in any way.  When barefoot though, I must be careful not to run my toes too hard along the outside edges of the footrest lest I might get a cut.  With shoes on this will never be a problem, but it is made out of sheet steel metal and the edges on the sides though not sharp, could hurt if you suddenly slid your bare foot along it.Other than that it's a good footrest.  It makes it easier for me to sit in my chair and use my computer.  Before I got the footrest I was using all sorts of other things to try and rest my feet on but they never worked well for very long.  The height is adjustable I like it at it's highest setting because my legs can get extremely tired if no extra support is given to ease the strain on them while sitting in my chair.  I have long legs and the distance from my hips to my knees is about 10 or more inches beyond the edge of my chair seat and after a while that part of my legs gets tired.  The footrest raises them off the edge of the chair enough to relieve the pressure and I can sit comfortably for a long time before getting tired.
Easy to assemble but quite sturdy and well built. 3M has their name on this footrest and it will last a lifetime. Can be assembled in with a screwdriver and provides your feet a solid but good feeling if you sit at a desk all day. I originally thought that foot rests were desigined for short people but in my 6' case I also find this to be very comforting while sitting at my desk. I would advised anyone if the market that is looking for a foot rest to look stronly at this one made by 3M.Update.... It broke about a year later.
You've seen some foot rests in your time? None like this one. This is one SERIOUS footrest! It is total steel construction, weighs a ton, and honestly, it's huge. It just barely fits under my desk.I love how adjustable it is. I can get just the right height no matter my shoes and this is a huge benefit for someone short, like me, because most office chairs will not lower enough for my feet to even touch the ground. That makes a foot rest, a necessity! I've owned 3 previous foot rests and they've all wound up in garage sales for one reason or another. I always had some issue with them that couldn't be resolved and went back to the old stacked phone books or stacked reams of paper, how sad :( is that?As much as I adore this foot rest, I do have one complaint. Some of the metal edges around the rim aren't smooth enough and I have would up nicking some of my good heels and suede shoes on the metal edges. I wish they would have done a really thick-rounded edge that would prevent that sort of thing. Of course, that would have added more bulk and weight, but it frustrates me to have some of my shoes being ruined as I spin in my chair to put my feet on the foot rest and inadvertently nick my good shoes. Ah, well. I guess nothing can be perfect. I will probably wind up using the good old standby of duct tape to solve the sharp metal problem. It won't be attractive to have duct tape running around the rim of my foot rest, but it will save the rest of my shoes from getting gouges. I'm really bummed about the sizable gouge in my suede shoes. Soft suede and metal edges do not mix!Aside from that, if you are short and in desperate need of a foot rest, this is a great one. Buy yourself a dedicated pair of shoes to use with it. The shoes should be made out of something very resilient, like canvas, and then you won't suffer the nicks to your pricey soft suede and leather shoes.
I've had my metal 3M foot rest for a few weeks now and, being an Elementary Art teacher, I don't have much opportunity to sit during my day, but when I do, I enjoy having this under my desk to prop my feet up on.Tilting the foot rest to a comfortable angle, straight out of the box, doesn't require more foot pressure than you might expect. The hinges are set to be just tight enough to require a little foot pressure to subtly and gently tilt it, so it's easy, but not too easy, to get it to just the angle that you want. The foot rest is wide enough to give you plenty of room to spread your feet out on, and the textured surface is comfortable underfoot, whether you're in your stocking feet, barefoot, or wearing shoes. The design of 3M's adjustable extra wide foot rest IS a bit industrial, and makes me think that it'd fit in great on the set of "Mad Men", as it has a rather dated, 50's era look to it with its drab color scheme and no-frills appearance, but really, it's meant to go under a desk at work and to prop your feet up on, so it really doesn't NEED to be all slick and pretty. And the metal construction of this is nice and sturdy, so I know that this will last long, and bring me comfort for the next few years, if not decades!Since my heels in particular have been hurting me, literally, since I returned to work for this school year, I really enjoy having this foot rest on hand to rest my dogs on. It's a nice thing to have under my desk when I just really need to stretch out and massage my feet after a day of chasing paintbrush-armed Kindergarteners. ; ) Set up is as simple as opening the box, putting it where you want it, and using your feet to set it to the perfect angle for your comfort. It's just the thing to help you make it through a tough day, and those are the days when all the little things count! A small comfort goes a long way! If you're looking for a foot rest, this is a good one to go with!