This is a really good, high-quality product.  It saves money because you can do it yourself.  It also saves time and gas - instead of going to the store, you can just do it yourself.High quality product - very highly recommended.Not very many people nowadays still write paper letters.  But, believe it or not, I still have a few people that I still correspond with on paper and snail mail.  I do prefer snail mail rather than any other way.  This is a good way to have some stationery in which to write a letter on.
I love making my own greeting cards.  These work perfectly with my canon inkjet printer.I like to take tons of pictures at parties and get togethers.  It is amazing how many funny looking faces some people make while trying to smile for a photo especially a big group.  There will always be one in the middle of doing something else instead of getting the smile right.  I like to take and isolate that one and later for their birthday or something make a funny card.  Or put funny sayings in word balloons over their heads and make a funny card.People like personalized cards and not only that, this is so much cheaper than cookie cutter cards at the store.  My friends all seem to look forward to my cards so I use lots of these Avery Half Fold products.
Sometimes I want to create an especially personal card for someone and these half fold cards and envelopes make for a very nice end product.  There is a finish to one side that helps make the printed graphics look better than if the paper were not coated.
I created a whole group of Christmas cards with these. They look great and were fun to do. I'm ordering more so I can finish my card list.
This product consists of decent quality 8.5 x 11 matte card stock with a partial laser perforation in  the middle so the it folds in half evenly. 25 envelopes are included in the package. This is larger than a typical greeting card, but the size makes it easy to use with just about any printer. The paper accepts and absorbs the ink without seeping through or veining in the paper fibers. The paper color is not bright white, but is appropriate for a greeting card.The package insert, dated 2007, states that Avery DesignPro software is Windows only. However, Avery DesignPro for Mac OSX is now available as a free download on the Avery.com software page. Avery DesignPro for Mac is a basic graphic design and layout program which includes templates for most Avery products, including Avery/American Greetings Half Fold Blank Cards (3265). This is the easiest way I know of to use this kind of product. In addition, Avery DesignPro includes a printer calibration feature. Absolute precision is not so critical on greeting cards, but if you're printing 90-per-page return address labels, a fraction of an inch one way or the other can run a whole sheet of labels.My printer (an HP 7180) has a duplex (two-sided printing) attachment. The DesignPro software will print both sides on the same job. The trick is to choose Short-edge Binding in the print dialog box. If you choose long-edge, the inside of the card will print upside down on the wrong page. The preview in the print dialog box does not show the inside page, but it does print. If your printer does not have a duplex attachment, then you simply print page 1 only, flip the paper over and then print page 2 only. I'd suggest trying this once or twice with plain paper, so you know exactly how to flip the paper for your particular printer.To me, these products fall in the etiquette scale between  a hand-written note on your personal letterhead and a greeting card you bought in the grocery store. They do show you put some time and effort into the communication.
These are nice sturdy cards and envelopes that print up very nice and crisp. They are not photo cards but a slightly shiny card stock, they fold so easily on the fold mark, fit the envelopes nicely and no extra postage required. I used microsoft digital image suite to make my cards and it works perfectly with these, I used pictures of my pets to make Christmas cards and they turned out rather nice. These are not fancy cards but are nice enough to send out to others.
I'm usually dissapointed in card makers but these are the best I have every used.  The paper looks much better right out of the box, works great in the printer, does not smear and most important gives you a photo-like image on the paper.They are a nice big size and come with their own envelopes (which is good since they are so big).  The images are really as good as premium photo paper when compared side by side.  They fold well, envelopes are good quality also.These might cost a little more than generic ones but well worth the price, cannot find one bad thing to say about them.
I usually use Hallmark's greeting card paper and like it a lot.  Avery's product is equally good.  It is a true matte finish, so if you want a little more shine, this isn't for you.  The stock is thick enough that the printing doesn't show through and the fold is neat and professional.  No need to buy pre made cards if you have these on hand.  I use American Greeting's printable option a lot but my kids like to make their own cards with it.  They look much better than trying to fold your own card stock.  I would highly recommend these.
My wife enjoys the creative process and personal touch of making/designing her own Special Occasion cards for family and friends.  The package of Avery white half-fold greeting cards containing 20 each of card stock and envelopes, is perfect for this endeavor.  The best feature of the card is the well-defined fold line, which helps when determining what side is the best or correct side, for the front of the card. The quality and sturdiness of the card stock is a big plus. It is a good weight...not heavy, but not too light, either! The paper accepts all the colored inks well, with the printing and pictures clear and clean-looking. The designs can slightly show through if printed on both sides, but that is not a big distraction.  She will definitely order this product again.
I love this card stock. Nice weight, nice white tone, and the ink-jet prints on it are superior. They make it easy.
I found the cards to be simple to load, and the card stock itself is firm and easy to handle.  I like these larger cards for relatives whose vision isn't great.  The background is crisp and white and takes color well, whether text, clip art, or photos.  There is a heavy-weight version of this product, but I don't see the point in making greeting cards that last 100 years...
I tried printing photo greeting cards on this paper with two different printers - an Epson Artisan 810 and an HP OfficeJet 6500A - and had a very positive experience with both. In the past, I have had greeting card papers jam or refuse to feed unless the paper goes in from the top, but I had no difficulties with either printer in this case. The colors were a bit richer coming from the Epson printer, and I'm sure it's because that printer utilizes six ink cartridges and is designed more specifically for photo printing. However, the results were very close, and I was very happy with the prints from both machines. Colors are bright and clear, and the details are sharp. The cards have a nice feel to them and the scoring in the middle of the sheets make them very easy to fold cleanly and evenly. With the matte finish, the ink is dry and okay to handle as soon as the prints come out of the printer. I'm very happy with this paper and would buy it again for gifts and my own personal use.
Ever have a day when you need a card and you don't have one on hand? Avery White Half-Fold Greeting Cards are nice to have to quickly and easily create a nice looking card. The paper is sturdier and nicer looking than normal printer paper.  I think at a half page size, they are a little big and the envelopes are a little cheap looking.  My huge recommendation is to always print your card on a piece of normal paper to make sure it is right before using this paper. Since I messed one up, I printed a half page size card. I like that size better, but then you need to have your own envelopes or do without. Making two per page would make the cards more economical, too. It is very easy to find pre-made designs that fit this template size. Even a beginner could make a card in minutes. I used a non-color laser printer and by choosing a black and white design, the cards look great.  Overall, I like these and if they save a trip to the store...I love them.
I had some less-expensive half-fold cards that I had purchased previously.  I assumed that the same card (same pictures, words and fonts) would look about the same on them both.  After all, they were both Avery products.  To test my theory, I test-printed the same thing (using the same fonts and the same picture) on both cards.  I was amazed at the difference!  The words were sharper and clearer on these cards.  However, where they really stood out was the clarity of the picture!  The picture on the other card was acceptable -- until I put them side-by-side for comparison!  On this card, the colors were more vivid, and the picture was a lot sharper.  In fact, when compared to this card-stock, the picture on the less expensive paper looked faded and washed out (something I probably would've never noticed if I hadn't seen the side-by-side comparison).  I'm still having a hard time believing that different card-stock can make such a diffence.  The difference really is that noticeable.  These more expensive half fold cards are definitely worth the extra expense, and I will buy them in the future.I also like that you can download free templates from [&#8230;] templates (something that is true of all Avery products).  When using Avery's free templates, you have four options:1 - Avery Templates (a simple and basic download, and it works with MS Word & Adobe programs);2 - Avery Wizard for MS Office (a download that gives more options than the basic option and makes MS Word even easier to use);3 - Avery Design & Print Online (Online version that does not require a download, unfortunately I couldn't figure out how to do single labels without printing an entire page of the same label);4 - Avery DesignPro (a download that allows even more features than basic or MS Office templates.  All the templates are free, and you can use them with multiple Avery products (labels, gift cards, etc.)
I used this cardstock to make Christmas tags for my son's preschool goodie bags and I had no problems printing them on an inkjet printer.  I also used these cards and Avery's DesignPro software to print Christmas cards and they looked like something I could have bought at the store.  I was really impressed with the papers and would definitely use them again as well as recommend them to others.
The cards and envelopes are a good quality paper and have a nice feel to them.  I like to use my own photos designs for cards and  these will be perfect for Christmas this year.
This is a really nice card making kit.  The card stock is very heavy and a nice texture. It's easy to format and includes envelopes.  I do think the large envelopes would need extra postage if you are mailing them.
The kids and I had a blast making cards last month for Christmas and Thank You's. The cards printed out beautifully and saved us a trip to the card shop (and some big $$$ spent there usually). I am going to keep these in stock at home for our card needs. A+
It's been a while since I've used actual greeting card paper to make my photo greeting cards.  The first time I made greeting cards on a PC, I used HP greeting card paper, which I found on clearance.  I loved making photo cards!  Unfortunately, I realized greeting card paper was a bit costly when not on clearance, so I turned to other paper for my cards.  Mostly, I have made them onCanon Matte Photo Paper, 8.5 x 11 Inches, 50 Sheets (7981A004).  (Note, however, I have not bought this paper since 2005, when I stocked up on it, because it was so cheap.  Thus, I don't know if Canon has changed anything about the paper or not.  The box itself looks different.)  It is basically inexpensive photo paper, and has no Canon name on the reverse side, so you can print your greetings on that side.  (Just make certain you print the photo on the right side.  If not, it will look horrendous, whereas words look just fine.  Hold the paper up to a lamp to find the brightest white side for the photo.)  It also folds relatively easily.  If you want your card on glossy paper, use glossy photo paper for your photograph, pastel or bright bonded paper for your message, and tape or paste the bonded paper to the back of the glossy paper. (All glossy paper I have ever seen has the brand's name on the back, so messages can't be printed there.)  Then, just get a box of envelopes that fit your cards, such asColumbian CO468 Grip-Seal Invitation Envelopes A9, 5-3/4" x 8-3/4" - White (Box of 100).If you want it quick and easy, though, do get these Avery greeting cards.  The envelopes are included, and the card paper is already half folded, so there's no struggle in getting the card folded just right.  The photos I printed on these cards looked almost as good as the photos printed on matte photo paper.  I used 10 of these Avery cards to make a stationery set for friends.  I printed photos of their dogs on the front of the cards, and left the insides blank for "newsy" notes.  Since the envelopes in this pack come bounded in two sets of ten, that worked out quite well.  I included one of the envelope sets with the cards, and had a very nice Christmas gift for my friends. I don't think the included envelopes are quite as nice as the Columbian ones, but they certainly will do. Also, when making a quarter card, while folding the half card in half, the card tore in half!  So, you might want to watch out for that, or get quarter card paper for your smaller cards.  Making greeting cards on the computer is lots of fun, and Avery makes it simple with these half-fold greeting cards!
I am on my third pack of Avery half-fold cards in only about a year's time. I love this product! Aside from the typical print-out greeting cards, I use the cardstock for a couple of other things as well: (1) They're scored deeply enough that they rip in half easily. Once ripped in half, I cut along the line to make it look neater, fold each half of cardstock in half, and then make two handmade cards out of one sheet. (2) The cardstock works really well as a cover when creating half-fold booklet projects.One thing that's different about this product from others is that it comes with envelopes. Plenty of other brands only sell cardstock in packs, and this envelope size isn't always easy to find. The printing is also less likely to smear than some other types of heavy paper since the surface isn't glossy.The only negative I have to say is that this packet used to come with 25 cards and envelopes (my old box reads: "5 more cards! Now with 25 cards."). I really wish Avery had kept the pack at a larger size and not taken it back down to 20. The actual product is great, though, and something I use frequently.
Great card stock, excellent paper and it worked great with my inkjet printer.  I chose cute Christmas card design, my photo and my personal message and was done in minutes!  But... I didn't like starting with just blank cards.  For advanced users I'm sure it's what everybody wants, blank slate so their imagination runs wild.  But I wanted to at least start with some color and pre-printed borders, so all I would need to pick is my pictures and write my message.  Overall, still 5 out of 5.
Cut to the chase . . . this product works well.  Only a little dab will do you.  If you use too much tape you will have a hard time trying to remove what you put up there on the wall etc.  You only need a small quantity to do a great job of holding something to a clean surface.  I highly recommend this and most all 3 M products.
Perfect size for hanging lightweight objects. 1/2" wide and just 1/16" thick, this is ideal for office projects like securing whiteboards or wall-mounted file pockets (like these:Rubbermaid Three-Pocket File Folder Organizer, Plastic, 13 x 3.5 x 11.5 Inches, Clear (96050ROS).  No more cutting chunky doublestick tape down to size:  this is neat, clean, and easy.  Rated to hold up to 2 pounds.
This mounting tape works very well to walls or smooth surfaces.It can hold posters, post cards and other not too heavy papers and decorations.Scotch is a good reputable name whose products are good quality and reliable.This tape is another fine dependable product.
This stuff works really well.  I only put on things that I plan on leaving up for a long time/permanently - so unfortunately, I can't comment on stuff left up for longer than 6 months since I just got it ( maybe update later).  For temporary items, I use the temporary "command" strips from 3M which allows me to peel stuff off walls without damage.  This product is supposed to be permanent, so there is no guarantee it won't damage your walls.  I use it to hold a metal towel hook to wood drawer.
I have glassed and framed art on my walls that were mounted using this tape and have been holding fast for six years.  It is an excellent product that does exactly what it says.  Be aware that its use should be considered permanent.  I have not found anything that will removed the remnants of adhesive and foam from either the wall or the mounted item when I've re-located or removed whatever the tape is holding up.
Use brand names for tape.  Do not skimp.I am a cheap skate but I offer this advice from experience.
I used this product to hang large posters on my workplace walls for a party. It holds well even on textured surfaces and comes off cleanly.  Best of all, I was able to remove the foam tape from the posters without tearing them so I could store gem for use in hue future.
I haven't used this a lot yet, but, based on my fairly small sample of experience, this product is a lot stronger than other mounting tape I've tried.  We used it putting up posters at a fundraising event and it did an outstanding job - even on a brick wall.  It gripped the wall and the posters very well.  It didn't take a great deal of length to hold bulky and moderately heavy posters.  Pretty much exactly what you're looking for from a product like this.
While the mounting of objects on walls is a great use for double-sided tape, its unintended uses are also very practical.Being able to "test-fit" components with this type of tape before final (glued) assembly is particularly handy. Just be aware that the tape can pull off the top surface of any "layered" material.You can attach a fairly heavy object anywhere you want on a smooth, strong surface. An open-end wrench from a "Model-T" is currently attached to my toolbox fascia, strictly for aesthetic purposes.Most often, I use it for securing small rubber feet/pads at the bottom of items that live on tabletops, as well as securing shims of wood, cork, plastic, cardboard, metal, rubber, etc. onto the bottom of uneven items.If you need to re-attach or re-orient an object that had a single-use, "peel-off" sticky surface originally applied, this tape is your friend. The most common usage in that category is the "deer whistles" re-attachment on my car's front bumper. I always seem to find them on the ground where I park. Take the time to remove any residual gunk with a Goo-Gone/Dissolve-it -like solvent, and then some alcohol to get rid of any oily film, first.Just appreciate that this tape is permanent in the sense that disassembling the pieces it connects may damage them. You need to "pry" things off very slowly and carefully. It is also almost structural at the scale of flimsy plastic components, which seems to describe most objects these days.There is another variant - "Heavy Duty" double-sided tape (colored red, rather than white) for more massive items and those that you'd prefer to not ever come loose. It works almost like an epoxy. I used some most recently for attaching a rubber/foam door seal (intended for a garage door's bottom edge) as a threshold on a tile floor - 1 year on and it's still holding.Also, don't throw the packaging away, since it lists the strength of the adhesive, which is very convenient when you want to calculate how much to use. 1" wide tape is also available.This product is an indispensable item in my toolbox/fabrication drawer. I don't use much, but even a small piece is oftentimes invaluable.
Scotch is the brand I usually buy when looking for tapes.  I have bought the two sided tapes for years now, for both business and personal needs.  The early lesson I learned was to make doubly sure that you mount to a surface where you won't want to remove the item from later.  If you mount a picture to a painted wall, for example, and then remove it the paint will most likely comme off with the tape.  This tape here is clearly called "Permanent" for good reason.
I use this tape for attaching to surfaces that are not smooth... like the dash of my car or the fabric on my cub wall...  so far it is a permanent hold and appears to want to stay that way.  But please keep in mind that this is a permanent adhesive.  Removal of this tape at best will leave a difficult to reove residue.  Mlre often it will damage the surface... permanet implies forever, so if you use it in that manner you will be satisfied.
Easy to use mounting tape - easy to cut to exact size.  I've used it to mount my wireless router to the wall and it's been holding up for three months with no problems.  I'll update if it falls, but so far, so good.
Used for the right applications, this is a great product.  I wouldn't use it for mounting anything where a nail or screw is the usual holder, though.  This is just great for very lightweight objects or for holding heavier objects steady (where the tape is not actually supporting the *weight* of the object).  For example, I have a heavy mirror mounted to my bedroom door by over-the-door hooks.  Every time the door was closed, the mirror would swing behind, clapping against the door when it stopped.  But by putting a square of Scotch's "mounting tape" behind each corner, the mirror stays firmly against the door (even with raucous kids running in and out).  The great thing about this tape is that the foam layer helps compensate for a small amount of surface irregularity on the object or mounting surface.The package directions specify to use four inches of tape for each half pound of object weight, to a maximum of two pounds.  For heavier applications, consider using Scotch'sexterior mounting tape, which is rated at being able to hold up to five pounds.For best adhesion and performance, really mash the tape in well, smoothing it all over, then apply very firm pressure against the mounted object over each point where you applied tape.  Consider cleaning the wall with alcohol before applying tape to remove any oily residue from household cooking (even if it's not in the kitchen).
Works absolutely great for hanging all sorts of things on the wall. I'll be concerned if I have to remove it at a later period, but for now, everything I put up remains there. It's truly a a wonderful product, and great to have on hand.
3M's Scotch is THE brand to look for all your mounting needs.  I've used their mounting sprays, "invisible" tape, and for commercial applications (mounting permanent signs) with their 3M VHB foam tape.  Each serves its unique purpose.For this tape, its ideal for posters, plaques, signs, and some lightweight picture frames.  When mounting an item, you can remove/reposition (for perfectionists like me, this is a huge plus!).  Let it sit for a while and it becomes more permanent.  Keep in mind that this is just foam tape, and not ideal for holding very heavy items.  3M recommends that the items you mount not exceed 2 lbs.  If you need to mount something heavier, and more permanent, consider 3M's VHB (very high bond) tape (which is also very expensive!), or silicone caulking (can be found at most home improvement stores).
This is useful and highly adhesive mounting tape that can be used for a number of applications. I found it useful for mounting posters, but it has a number of other applications as well. It offers a good amount for the price.
This Scotch mounting tape is sticky enough to hold heavier items, but it also removes easily without taking the finish with it. For heavier items, I put more on the back of the wall hanging, or object, and on lighter items I use less. Also, it really sticks to ceramic, even if it has a glossy glaze! Some mounting tape is not gonna stick to slick surfaces no matter how much you use, but with this product, only one two-inch strip firmly held tiles I mounted above our cooktop. Midstream, I decided I wanted the tiles in a different arrangement, and it was easy to lift them off the wall, without tearing the paint, and move them. (I think when dry, and "set" they might not be so easy to move, because the tape is so sticky, so we'll see.) Excellent, effective, and easy to use product! Recommended.
I've purchased a wider version of this tape to re-affix a soap/shampoo dispenser in the shower. It worked well even in that damp environment, loosing only after 2 years.This narrower size is proving very handy around the office. For example, I needed to to attach an incoming mail container on the edge of my bookcase, and this tape worked perfectly.Not much else to say. The tape is handy and easy to cut for custom fits; the protective paper peels off easily!
I have used this product in both in the tape and squares form for many years.  I live in California where we get many little earthquakes, and I have grandchildren who occasionally slam doors, so anything hanging on the walls could shift. I can't stand having mirrors, pictures, clocks, etc. hanging crooked.  I hang the object with a picture-hangar which holds the weight, but always put mounting tape at two corners which holds the frame straight on the wall. This mounting tape is permanent - so place it where you want it to stay.  I would never put it on the back of a clock, for instance, if the battery will need changing once a year.  I have found it takes patience to remove it from any surface.  This product is also useful for mounting on surfaces that cannot tolerate a nail or screw hole.  Scotch mounting tape is part of my tool box arsenal.
There is not too much to say about mounting tape in general, except when it does not meet expectations. This baby does what's it's supposed to do, easy to open/place/replace, and you are good to go.
This tape works great on the signage I have in my office.  The signs are thin sheets of plastic that I have to adhere to wooden doors and cement walls.  So far, I've had no problems using the tape.  Recommended.
Use it all the time ...to stick things BETTER than regular tape. It has grip and a good hold ... like a stopwatch I have mounted in my gym ... it is always there for me and has stayed up for years now.
We use this tape to mount kids' art work to the refrigerator.  It works well and stays on far better than magnets.
This tape is proving to be very useful.  Thus far, it has held securely.  You can even use it to hold up a big table-top flush against the wall.  The only problem that you have to be careful with the paint.  If you decide that you hung up your picture in the wrong place and try to move it, some of the paint may come off.  Although I guess you should expect that.  It is, after all, permanent tape.  All, in all, it delivers on its promise: allowing you to hang things up without bothering with nails.  And the price is right.  I recommend it.
If you have something such as a poster, sign, or brochure holder that you'd like to mount on a wall or other solid surface this is a useful product. The tape is a half inch wide and has adhesive on both sides. It works best on a smooth surface and is fairly strong (recommended for holding up to 2 lbs). This could be used for a variety of projects where you wish to mount something permanently on a wall. If you'd rather not nail or screw something into the wall then this is a good alternative - just don't expect for this tape to come off later without leaving a residue that you'll need to clean or scrape off. Also, there's no tape-cutting mechanism on the roll so you'll need a scissors or utility knife to cut the tape.
Works great, but DO NOT put it on any surface that you don't want it on forever. I'd suggest not using it on drywall at all...you can pull it off of harder surfaces and then goo-gone the leftovers, but it just destroys drywall when pulled off. So if you want permanent mounting on a hard surface, I'd recommend.
Scotch 1/2" Mounting Tape comes in very handy for many uses. Last week I installed several new devices in my living room home entertainment cabinet. This mounting tape worked great for cord control, routing and organization. I used it to mount a Roku box on the inside of a cabinet sidewall. it is being held firmly and even the pressure from some of the cables and wires trying to push it away from the wall has not sprung it. I also mounted a small antenna amplifier to the back of a flat screen TV. I'll be curious to see how the heat from the television effects the tape over time. If it's bad news I'll let you know. Good Stuff!
I live in an old, old house, and the horsehair plaster in the walls can crack horribly if you hit it with a nail.  Up until now, my solution has been to keep anything heavier than a poster off my walls, and posters just aren't exactly grown-up decor.Then I got this mounting tape.  It's permanent, so I was very careful about finding a spot for a piece of lightweight art, a small piece of framed needlepoint.  I followed the directions and used plenty of tape, and I wiped down the wall with alcohol before smushing the picture frame onto the wall.  It holds perfectly.I've used a similar Scotch product that was cut into 1" squares, and wouldn't be without it.  It holds my precious items onto my plate rail in the dining room, and keeps the photos on the picture rail. This product is even better - because it comes on a roll, it stays cleaner and dispenses more easily.Yet another Scotch product that's an absolute must in my house.  I'm going to need a drawer dedicated to their products before long! (But I won't tell anyone, because everyone thinks I'm weird already)
Need something stuck to something else?  This stuff does the trick.  I had one of those license plate thingys to put on the front of my car and no bolts to do it.  So I whipped out my Scotch Mounting Tape and stuck it on there.  It's been on ever since without even trying to come off.  WOO HOO!  It works well in the house too for those small photo frames on the wall.  GOOD PRODUCT--GET IT!
Scotch states this is for permanent mounting, but I'd hold back on that until a year goes by.  I did use it for a wall calendar which is nice, in that I don't have to drive a nail into the wall.  But the biggest use I have for Scotch's (double sided) mounting tape is for flat surfaces.  Where most people have kids knocking things about, I have little earthquakes but most horrendously, cats!  My two Bengal cats will knock anything and everything off the shelves or countertops.  I have some glass vases, vertical standing frames and a glass decanter sitting on shelves.  I used this tape to mount them strongly to the shelf.  I've witnessed these cats walking all around them without being able to knock them off to shatter on the floor.  For that peace of mind alone, this tape is worth it.  Plus the price is right.
This mounting tape has worked out well on many different surfaces. It is pretty strong too. I have actually used it to hang smaller/lighter pictures in frames and none have come falling down..yet. There is a good amount of tape in the roll, so you can get a good number of things hung with it. I also used it to hang one of the full length door mirrors on my daughter's bedroom door. It has held so far so good..and that is even with her slamming the door at times. I am getting pretty brave at using it for larger, heavier items - I just make sure to use a good bit of the tape around all edges, so that it is secure.
There are times when flat tape just isn't appropriate. Especially when one (or both) surfaces aren't completely smooth or flat. This is what you need. I have some wiremold that holds electrical wires to a baseboard, and when it came time to attach it, I knew exactly that type of tape I needed. The slight "sponginess" to the material, forgives any imperfections in the items to be adhered. Regular tape just leaves gaps.It IS difficult to remove, though. The thickness of the material will often result in removing only a layer of it, so be careful where you mount with it. On the other hand, when things don't stick with regular tape, THIS is what you need. BTW, for wet applications (and others where I want LESS permanence) I have used theCommand Adhesivemounting strips. They come inwater-resistant, too. They are only tabs...so it takes a few to hang things (while this is a nice long uninterrupted roll where you can choose your own size.)This is just a product that serves its particular purpose perfectly!!
I have used this on tile, metal, glass and interior walls and all surfaces are compatible with this mounting tape in my experience.  I did notice that if the surface is ice cold, make sure you warm the area up with a hairdryer if possible for a better stick.  To remove, I slid a razor through the foam core and used Goo Gone to remove the rest of the square, worked great!  I was able to hang a wipe board near my front door than I had been meaning to mount for months, this stuff gets the job done!
I received this product through the Vine program.  I had a couple of exit signs to mount (the light weight flat signs, non lighted) and did not want to drill holes in the plaster walls to do it.  I tried this tape and it works great!  I put tape along each of the sides of the signs and then pressed them in place.  Instant mounting and they hold great!I also tried using this tape to mount a couple of plastic in boxes (the angled ones designed for wall mounting) on the side of a file cabinet.  It works great and I did not need to drill the cabinet to mount it with.  I have placed around 40 sheets of paper (letter size) in one of the boxes and filled the other with incoming mail and the tape has held well.  Nothing has separated and the installation looks neat.I have not tried removing anything so I can not attest to the ease or difficulty of removing items mounted with this tape.  I can say though that as long as what you want to mount does not weigh a lot, this tape works well.
There are many applications for this tape, but our favorite is in kids projects.  The foam layer between the two sides of tape allows you to connect two surfaces that would not lie completely flush against each other (making it impossible to use regular two-sided tape).  The foam also gives a little bit of flexibility and shock resistance; for example, mounting something inside a remote control vehicle.  Also, while this is meant as permanent tape, the foam layer can, in some applications, give you a way to pry off whatever you've taped.  We keep a roll of this on our workshop bench as there is invariably some situation where it is preferable to gluing, nailing, sewing, velcroing, etc.
Not too much to say here: works great and sticks solid to most surfaces unless they are oily. I used this mounting tape in my classroom for mounting bulletin boards in the room (as well as to hold in place while silicone glue dried) and had no problems. Highly recommended.
I mean, not like someone doesn't make a dispenser for this stuff. If 3M wanted to, they could probably make anything having to do with adhesion. Probably already have.This double-sided tape is the standard by which others should be judged. Or not, I cannot recall ever seeing a competitor to this product, if I did I would not even bother checking it out. How can you improve perfection? What Scotch 33 is to electrical tape, this mounting tape is to.. everything else. If you have two smooth- or even slightly irregular surfaces needing to be stuck together, here it is. The uses are innumerable. I use it to affix magnets to notepads for refrigerator use. I use it to make model furniture mock-ups while in the design process. I use it to stick co-workers keyboards and mice to their desks when they are away.Awhile back 3M introduced these little gel-like squares that were also double-sided adhesive, and while they would definitely do some things the foam tape would not, they fell far short in sheer versatility.i must admit I prefer the 3/4" or 1" width, but this is the size generally found in most any type of store. No tool box, drawer or glovebox should be without a roll.
I originally thought to use this product just for scrapbooking and card making, to add dimension.  For this it's wonderful, and easy to use.  Small pieces are easy to cut, since both sides of the tape is covered with a protective paper that you remove to expose the adhesive.  Remove one side, affix to your "scrap", then remove the remaining paper, and stick everything in place.  Easy,holds permanently, and looks good, providing a nice dimensional look.  I have an idea or two for some great 3D xmas cards next season.But I also found out that this tape works wonderful to stick up things like cork tiles onto the inside of cupboard doors..  I orginally used UGO squares, which does have the advantage of being removable, but it did NOT stay stuck.  After a week or so, the cork tile fell down.  I had replaced it with more of the same, and had another failure.  So I replaced it with pieces of the Scotch Mounting tape, and it's still attached.  It's my new go-to craft sticky.  :-)
So far, I have hung a few things (nothing too heavy) and this product works well. It is easy enough to cut and dispense as I need, holds steady and firm, and did not tear the paper I had it affixed to when I went to move it. It moved cleanly and left no marks. Instead of using tacks that leave marks, use this product to stick items to surfaces without destroying the surface or the product you are displaying.
Some reviews of Scotch 1/2" Permanent Mounting Tape say that it's good for photo albums. Maybe, but I don't think I'd use it for that, because it's rather thick: 0.065". Its thickness isn't an issue for other applications, though, such as mounting posters or whatever to a wall.Other reviews say this tape will stick to anything, but really it is designed for smooth surfaces. If you used a lot, maybe you could use it on a cinder block, but it would be better to buy tape designed for that.I was concerned about the "Permanent" description. The last thing I wanted was to have to chip old tape off my wall. I did some tests and was happy to discover that permanent here means that it is made to be used once only and that it will last a long time. Removing tape that I'd stuck to my wall was very easy and caused no damage at all.This is very good tape for affixing items to a wall or other smooth surface.
I used this to mount a couple rear view mirrors to my computer monitors at work (so that people don't sneak up on me since my back is to the aisle) and FINALLY I found a product that keeps them attached. I've tried several different products that don't seem to last long, but this one appears that it is tough enough to last.
I've been using their labels for more than 20 years -- they are SO easy to use on the computer, and these 08167 labels print equally well on my Ink Jet AND laser printer.Feeding them through a copier is a cinch too.These 08167 labels peel easily, the ink impressions are sharp and crisp, in color OR black and white.I have had no problem with the Avery labels' adhesive longevity in the past -- let's see how well these 08167's do -- I would think that they will be just as good as their predecessors.
It's hard to review this type of product. They work, they did not smudge, and they are compatible with word. We also used some to cover up old file labels. They shipped and arrived quickly.
Love these labels; even though I confess I did use a Laser printer (these are made for Ink Jets), printing was a SNAP!I visited the Avery site, downloaded the Microsoft Word version of Template #5167 and had my business return labels printed within 10 minutes (will be a LOT quicker in the future, now that I've got the template saved to my hard drive).  Final alignment was perfectly centered on each individual label; no fuss.These are REALLY easy to print and use; the pop-up easy peel feature is great, too:  no more struggling to peel printed labels off the sheet.  These peel quickly from the sheet, simply by gently folding the backing slightly.  Great solution for quickly printing 80 return labels per sheet; highly recommended for EASE OF USE.
Works well and does not jam up the printer like other brands can.  You can get free templates from the Avery website as well which is a bonus!  I recommend this product!
I absolutely love these mailing labels!  They are convenient, and make life so much easier!  These mailing labels are smaller than certain other types of labels; therefore, more labels will fit on each sheet.  And if you use a lot of mailing labels, then that does you a lot of good.They print so quickly and easily.  Whenever you need a label, just peel it off.  These label sheets save a lot of time and energy, and are so neat.Highly recommended if you use mailing labels.And these are for ink jet printers, which is the type of printer I have at home.
Just hard to beat the AVERY line of labels. These work great in my two printers and they look great after printing. The glue on the back is first class and they are easy to remove from the  sheet.
This little labels are really nice. At first, I wondered if I would want to use a label this small and then when I printed a sheet, I realized that these are perfect for use on envelopes, notes, and anything you want to identify. Easy Peel is a great plus here. Avery labels are simply the best and the downloadable templates help those who don't have one in their word processing application.
I love Avery labels!  Their free templates are easy to find and download.  The labels print flawlessly every time.  And they are durable.  I really can't say enough about these terrific time savers.  I design my own return address labels with a family portrait on them, I print out address labels for my holiday cards, and I print larger labels for packages, all with ease!  If you are looking for high quality labels that won't let you down, Avery is the way to go...
You'd think address labels would be a standard product by now, but Avery has added several new features that make this product an excellent purchase, especially if you have a color inkjet printer:1) Smudge Free2) Jam Free3) Pop-up Edge for easy peeling4) Squeezes 80 labels x 25 sheets in one package = 2000 address labels!But here is the best feature of all: by going to [...] and selecting templates for product number 8167, you get many designs in Word, all ready to go. You can customize the provided logos and/or fonts of course. This saves a lot of time setting your mailing project up!
I ordered these to use as return address labels until my printed ones arrive, but I'm half tempted to not order any more preprinted ones after using these labels!  They're so easy to use, just follow the guidelines provided by Avery and voila, you'll have instant return address labels!  I didn't have any trouble fitting the entire 3-line address onto this label as some others have mentioned, and my favorite part was the fact that they don't smear!  They're easy to peel off and adhere quite well to the envelope, box, etc.  With all the ebay shipping I do, these have come quite in handy.Great product, highly recommend!
I was worried that these labels might peel off in my printer and jam it up.  They stayed affixed firmly to the backing sheet and yet were not hard to peel off for use.  Note these are RETURN address labels, so they are quite small.  If you have more than a 3 line address, the printing can get very tiny.  At least you get a lot per page and per package.Avery always has templates for all their labels and they are easy to get to, but they always seem to want your name and e-mail address before they will let you get to the template.  I would imagine they want to send you advertising.Avery is the best quality and I would encourage you to always buy them, even if they are slightly more expensive.  The bargain brands just don't always work as well.  I have had Avery labels on the shelf for years that still work well.  Some of the bargain brands can dry up and come loose sooner.  Avery apparently knows labels very well and the label business.
These 1/2" x 1 3/4 inch labels are good for return address labels, but can be useful in so many other places as well. Perfect for labeling a folder that contains multiple topics (like listing surnames in genealogy research) or in drawing attention to a particular fact on a picture postcard for marketing purposes. I like the 1/2" height....up to now I had to settle for 2/3" in the width I needed and that didn't fit just right. These are perfect. The "easy peel"  factor makes it easy to peel the label off the page by simply bending the label edge and it pops right up. Best of all the template for this label page is clearly defined and actually in my offerings choices for my HP four-in-one printer ( I find more and more often that the newer sized labels aren't in my selections and I have to download the template before printing.) These are easy to print and so far haven't smudged or jammed.Avery Easy Peel Return Address Labels for Inkjet Printers, 0.5 x 1.75 Inches, White, Pack of 2000 (08167)
No other way to get so many return labels for such a low price.  Can print using your choice of fonts and colors.  They are small, so perfect for any size envelope.  They are also good to use when filling out raffle tickets.  Just print up a sheet with name and phone number.  Highly recommend for cost and easy of use.  Not much else to say about a return label.  Good buy.
They work as advertised.  Great quality and easy to use.  I can find no fault with them at all.  Make sure this is the size label you want before purchasing and I think you'll be very satisfied.
These labels are designed for inkjet printers often found on desktops.  The inkjet priter compatibility is just a coating on the paper that ensures the ink does not wick out and become unreadable in fine fonts.Return address labels have many convenient uses besides their obvious use.  With one line of print down the center, they can be used on CD jewell cases down the spine to form a library system with title and index number for CD changers or ipod lists to data backups and storage libraries.In product design and prototyping we often use this smaller label to print at the far end with the print running vertically with 1 or 2 tiny lines of type, then roll them around wires with only that last part showing.  As designs shrink the smaller labels are very helpful.Avery provides full product support with templates in ms-word format that make printing on a particular label exceptionally easy if your equipment is calibrated with the right drivers.
This is a set of return address labels designed for inkjet printer use (no guarantee that it will come out as intended with a laser printer, but it can likely be used in a laser printer if needed).  Avery labels are reliable and all you need to do is follow instructions, using the template for these sheets with your office/wordprocessing software.  Just print and peel and stick the label on your envelope.  This way you can design your own personalized return address labels.  My only suggestion for improving Avery's labels would be to reduce retail prices on them so more people would think of making their own labels.
I'm a big fan of printing my own return address labels and these are the best ones so far.I went to the Avery website for the free templates and using Microsoft Word,I printed the best labels I've ever printed & it was faster and more accurate than it's ever been.The labels themselves are are the best I've seen so far,you just bend the sheet at the column and the edge of the label pops up so you can peel it off,so much easier than in the past.The reason these are my favorite labels is because they are 1/2 an inch tall and 1 3/4 inch long and are perfect for putting on printed return forms instead of trying to fit my clumsy handwriting in the tiny writing space.I really like these...They're Great!
I usually love all Avery products and I must say that I'm adding this product to my favorites as well.  These labels printed out well and I had no smearing when I applied them to my mailing envelopes.  Also, what I loved about them that it wasn't hard to peel and reposition them on the envelope once it caught.  The color blended nicely with my white evenlopes so well, that it appeared as if I printed the address on the envelope itself. I love these labels! From now on, I'll be buying these instead of the store brand I always buy.
FIrst, before you order these, pay attention to the dimensions listed in the description.  These are RETURN address labels -- the small ones you stick in the corner of the envelope -- NOT the usually-larger address labels that contain the address where you want your letter to go.  They are, therefore, SMALLER than address labels.  Don't order these expecting to get larger labels.  :-)That said, these are excellent quality, print easily in my inkjet printer, and, as the package says, are easy to peel off the backing sheet.  I used one of the templates I got from the Avery website (I'm on a Mac, using Microsoft Word for the Mac), and designed some nice-looking labels.  Don't expect to fit more than 3 lines of small print on each label.  Like I said, these are small.
These Avery Easy Peel Return Address labels worked perfectly for me.  The software that you can download from Avery's website installed easily into my mid level Windows 7 machine and was self explanatory to use.  Within a few short minutes I was cranking out my own custom labels with no problems at all.Believe it or not these are the first labels I have ever made myself.  I use a middle of the road HP 4680 printer and they fed into the machine perfectly, never jamming and printed exactly right.  The labels peel off very easily and as advertised they do NOT smear which was something I had wondered about.I honestly can't see why I would need anything else.  They ARE a bit small but these are sold as RETURN address labels and are appropriately sized so bear that in mind.  Reasonably priced as well.
The high quality of Avery products is once again found in these Easy Peel Return Address Labels for use with ink jet printers.The labels peel off easily and quickly with only a slight flexion of the carrier sheet material.  In fact, due to the design, flexion of the carrier sheet is really no longer necessary.The fast, easy peel feature is achieved by stripping off the extra surrounding waste label paper that is between the labels.  This leaves the labels as free-standing units on the carrier sheet.For anyone who has ever had to put labels on a number of letters, this saves substantial time and mess.  Other brands really have some catching up to do!
I get a little nervous, whenever I try to use a "print it yourself" anything because the templates that they offer often seem to produce slightly off-kilter results.  That's made worse whenever the output in question is small like a return address label.  You know what I'm talking about, the first 8 or so rows print fine and then the text starts to creep off of one label onto the next.  You end up with half a page of usable labels and half a a page destined for the recycle bin.Printing the Avery Easy Peel Return Address Labels was a SUCCESS!I wasn't surprised by the ease of peeling them off the backing, nor was I surprised by the fact that the inkjet-friendly paper was virtually smudge-proof fresh out of the printer.  That's Avery and they do that very well.The pleasant surprise was that I didn't need to create my own template to print the labels.  Now I don't have to use the multitude of free charity labels that routinely mispell my name and such.
I design labels for my classroom library books and don't want to worry that the labels will smudge or begin to peel off after a while.  No worries.  These don't.  Also, they don't jam in my printer or print out of alignment - yay!  I hate wasting color ink on misaligned labels.  I also like how they make application easier due to the pop up feature.
I really like the size of these. I hate wasting a bigger label (like an Avery 5160) for return addresses and have even cut them in half sometimes. These are nice because they are smaller. I would have liked them slightly shorter but a touch wider. Mostly because I usually have 3 lines, and it -just- fits. I don't want to use 7pt fonts, either. My text also bled off the top edge on the bottom 5 rows of the sheet a few times. I know my printer isn't perfect everytime it draws a page through, so I realize it isn't completely the product's fault. I use a laser printer, I don't think it matters much that they say "inkjet"...maybe using a laser product in an inkjet might smear, but I never had a problem the other way around. I suppose I can fool around with the margining setup for the label template to alleviate the text "drift."I do like the easy peel and not having to pick at the corners of labels to get them off. I have always liked the quality of Avery labels, and these did not disappoint me. I would get these again.
One may think that these labels are not needed, that you can just jot down your return address when mailing items.  This is true, but if you mail items a lot, these are great to increase your speed in getting things in the mailbox before the mailman picks up.  Also, they come in handy for many non-mail related reasons.EASE OF USE: I made labels quickly with these, the template is available on their website and is very easy to use.VALUE: You can make a lot of labels on just one sheet. If you usually order custom labels, these are much cheaper.  If you usually address items by hand, using these are much quicker.  They save you time and money.PERFORMANCE: The paper grabs the ink well and does not feather during printing, nor does it smear when you press them smooth with your finger onto an envelope.  They stick very well to letters and boxes. Also, they don't get jammed in the printer.APPEARANCE: Looks sharp and crisp.ADDITIONAL USES: We have a TON of books and loan them out often, putting one of these on the inside cover corner lets our friends know what books to return to whom.  Also good to put on the bottom of potluck dishes that get left behind, car key fobs for when you hand the mechanic your keys and on kids toys that go to friends houses with your little ones, just make sure your child is past the stage of trying to chew everything to avoid a choking risk.RATING: A+, highly recommend!
I received both Avery # 8167 and #5267 to review.  Since they are identical (same specs and template number) but one is designed for an inkjet printer (8167) and one is for a laser printer (5267), I'll be posting the same review for both items.These Labels are designed with a "Pop Up" Edge.  This means that you bend the sheet at the side and the labels you want literally pop up an exposed edge so you can grab them easily.  Then you fold the sheet flat again.  As with most labels, you can get away with running the sheet through to print only a few labels and then rerunning a partial sheet for a second print of the remaining labels.  In my experience, each subsequent use of a partial sheet runs a greater risk of a jam though.  I'm sure Avery's "jam free guarantee"  would only apply to a print of a full page.These smaller size labels would also be useful for other applications-such as price tags at a garage sale...I've never found Avery to be anything but top of the line and this product is no exception.
Having moved recently, I needed some new address labels. I had always ordered address labels from those mail in label companies.  This is the first time I tried my own.  So did I think it was worth it?  DEFINITELY!!!  I can print sheet after sheet with a variety of pictures; I can change my pictures after a couple of months to reflect holidays, seasons, you name it!  The only complaint I have is that I would probably choose a bit larger size... these were a little small.  I used Avery's online printing program and it worked pretty good... not perfectly lined up, but after I adjusted it, it was fine.  For the price, you simply cannot beat it.  Highly recommend!!!!
Unlike other return address labels, these Avery labels have an innovative "easy peel" feature that lets you fold back the perforation and remove the printed labels by just grabbing the exposed edge. It's so well designed, you wonder why nobody thought of this sooner.Designed specifically for inkjet printers, these labels print crisply, dry quickly, and avoid smudging.As many have noted, the small size of these labels doesn't leave much room for error on your printing software / printer driver / margin settings. You'll want to use the Avery template 5167 (free download from Avery, built into most other software including Microsoft Word) to start. Print a few sample pages on regular paper using your software and printer settings. Hold it up to the light with a blank label sheet in front to make any fine adjustments to margins.Note - the small size of these labels isn't for everyone - there's not much room for a custom graphic or logo. But that's why Avery offers multiple product choices!
I find the Avery labels the easiest to use.  Every software package I've ever attempted has the Avery Label templates already built in, and the labels peel off easily, and stay stuck to the envelope during mailing.I like to use the Return Address size labels for many different uses: pricing items for a garage sale, file folders (yes, they make file folder labels, but I'm frugal), labeling books and DVDs, and I also would use them if sending bottles/baby items to a daycare facility.I am a very frugal shopper, but when it comes to labels I feel Avery's quality justifies the price.  I would recommend Avery brand labels to anyone!
I get a lot of labels from Avery. I absolutely love that they make these return address labels so densely-packed and easy to peel. I can design my own return address label, use MS Word with an Avery template to print them out on my Inkjet printer, and have a whole sheet (or more) of them ready to use whenever I need them. No more ordering them from printing companies and then dealing with it when they screw it up or misspell something. With the Avery labels, I have total control over the way my return address label looks.As usual, with Avery you get quality labels that are reasonably price, come in a great arrangement, and have a strong adhesive on them. They work great for letters (snail mail) but are also useful for other things like labeling boxes or putting nameplates on your belongings at work ("This is MY manual, darn it!") I mean, really, these are just blank sticker arranged in a template-friendly layout. What you do with them is up to your imagination. You don't need to use them as return address labels at all... I'm sure you'll find something that needs a label on it, and these do the trick.What more is there to say? If you need labels, these are the best!
These Avery return address labels are your normal, cute size labels.  They hold well but are not the type that is industrial strength strong.  It is possible to peel them off but they do not peel off as easily as repositionable labels.If you make your own return address labels, this is probably one of the most essential sizes of labels you will use.  I also like to use this size for making small labels for dating things I put in the freezer.
Very easy to peel, just crease a 3rd section at a time and the edge of the label pops up.  Prints nicely, and looks good.  Appears to stick very well, and are not removable, so be sure you have the placement correct before sticking.
These are general use return address/locate labels. .5 inch by 1.75. I checked MS word and MS works and Avery provided the Avery template numbers, so they worked well with all my applications without the need for me to download the templates from the the Avery website. And, of course, Avery was the industry leader in labels from the beginning, so you can not loose buying these.
These are the perfect labels for what they're intended for: return addresses. They are small. I didn't use them for mail merge or for different addresses. However they were perfect for making standard return labels with plenty of room for my address and a small logo. They printed without jamming, no errors, and smug free results. Printed hundreds of these for the holidays. Worked great. MS Word found the template without any problem.
I have had bad experiences with "generic" printable labels in the past...namely, with the sheet getting stuck in my printer.  So far, I have had no problems at all with these labels, or any other Avery brand labels.  They go through the printer smoothly.  The labels are easy to peel off the sheet as well.Before purchasing, check the dimensions of the labels.  These particular ones are very small, but in turn you get more in the package.These work great as address labels, but I find other uses for them as well.  When I have pictures taken of my children, I've always written the name and date on the back of the photo before giving them to family.  This can get tedious when you are dealing with 40-50 photos to write on.  Now, I print out the relevant information on an address label, and affix that to the back of the photo.If you go online to the Avery website, there is a free software download that allows you to customize the labels to your liking.
While address labels may not be the most interesting thing I buy, getting good labels that are easy to print does matter to me.  And the Avery White Easy Peel Return Address Labels 8167 were exactly what I was looking for.They truly are, as advertised, easy to peel off the backing.  And they don't smudge after being printed, nor do they jam in the printer.But for me, perhaps the most important thing about labels is the ease of using the printing website.  I found the Avery site easy to use.The bottom line?  Five stars.  Easy to print and use and economical.  Win win win.
I bought the inkjet labels because I wanted to custom design my labels with colors using my inkjet printer.  In the past, the inkjet labels did not print as clear and tended to look "smudgy" or "blurry".  No more.  Avery has fixed this problem and now the labels print crisp.  I highly recommend them.
Avery have literally set the standard for pre-cut adhesive peel-off labels and these are no different. Easy to remove from the backing (much easier than some other brands) and high quality paper and strong backing glue make these labels perfect for your label needs. I printed a bunch with a photo background and they look almost as good as a glossy print. Plus Avery always offers templates for the most used software packages (outlook, excel etc) so printing alignment and pre-filled info is handled for you so no need to perform multiple test prints before doing a proper print.It may seem like a simple thing to print onto labels but anyone who has used generic labels which don't conform to any standard will know just how many you can waste before everything is lined up. With Avery's labels the hard work is done for you and your labels will look perfect first time.
I use these exclusively as a return label set for my and for my parents who are getting old.  I print out a set every once in a while and I keep them on a clipboard.  Once a year I print out a few sets of these and mail them to my parents, whose eyes and arthritis make it a bit hard to do these things anymore and it's a tremendous help to them.  They are too small for the full address.I've also used them to label odd things.  Overall a great product.I will say that the easy peel adhesive works grreat on paper but don't try it on plastic.  I used them to label baby bottles and these did not peel off easily from plastic.  Magic on paper though.
Avery has some of the best products, and this is one.  These labels are so easy to set up for printing your own labels.  I remember the old days of having to order labels from some company.  Now, you can do all that stuff yourself right at home.  As I mentioned, this is simple for anyone to set up.  The instructions are very clear on how to do this.Not only are these great for making your own return labels.  They are also handy for many different applications such as file folder labels, labels for kitchen items, yard sale price stickers, etc....
These labels are great for use as a return address while mailing out your bills. I always intentionally put printed addresses and return addresses on anything I mail. Using labels that are printed on a computer printer keeps your mail on automation and out of the hands of humans. I've never had any mail lost because I use pre-printed labels. Avery labels are simply the best and these are the perfect size to use for a return address. Just load a full page into your printer (I have a laser printer) and print a full page at one time of perfectly printed labels to be used on your envelopes. These labels can also be printed individually and used on file folders or anything else that needs identification.
As with all Avery labels I have tried, these work very well. They print go through the printer without jamming, print cleanly, peel easily, and stick tightly.What more could you want? Highly recommended.
These are fantastic labels, just like the rest of the Avery line. I like that these are small - they have so many uses!  Will definitely purchase in the future.
The Avery Easy Peel Return Address Labels work great in my Brother HL-2270DW laser printer.  It has yet to jam and does not smudge.  The 5267 return address label is supported natively in Microsoft Word, even in my old Office XP version.  If you prefer, you can download the Word template from Avery's website.  Why?  It's easier to use this template if you want to have different addresses on the same sheet.  Also, maybe you don't have Microsoft Office but have a compatible word processing program like WordPerfect or OpenOffice.The pop-up edge is a neat idea to allow for easy peeling though I really never had problems peeling the old style labels.  Labels aren't very exciting and there is only so much you can do to differentiate between one manufacturer's labels to another's.  However, the paper, adhesive, and the easy-peel feature on the Avery 5267 are all top notch and I have no complaints.  I typically buy office store-brand labels but these Avery's seem to have a better overall quality.2000 labels are a great deal but the 8000 label pack is even better, if you send out lots of mail.  Given that I only send out a few pieces of mail per month, these will probably last me several years.
I have used Avery address labels in the past and love their templates for large mailings.  The easy peel feature improves the old labels.  I highly recommend these.
I have grown to trust the Avery name represents "Quality".  Avery again fulfilled all expectations for a great product that prints without jamming (I found one mfr who's labels sometimes come off inside my laser printer...), looks great AND meets all requirements for a great product.  I love the fact I can print easily within MS Word 2010/2011 with peace of mind.  Additionally, Avery's website features templates and easy to print methods online without having to download software.  Avery gets another gold star in my book!In particular, these smudge free labels are the perfect size for return address labels, 35mm slides, labeling the backs of photographs, labeling the inside of books with the owner's information (such as a return address label format), etc. I use this size label for labeling canning jars, packets of herbs and seeds as well as labeling the clear drawers in my husband's electronic parts bins.Tips: I often will print one sheet to standard copy paper FIRST, then verify my page lines up correctly with the label sheet PRIOR to printing and wasting an entire sheet of labels, needlessly. Another option is to print on the BACK of the labels first, align, then print on the correct side of the page.
These are the perfect address labels that are small enough to fit the return forms I deal with each month,so I don't have to use my hideous handwriting to fill out the forms.I also enjoy the seasonal templates they have free at the Avery website for downloading that add holiday fun to my letters,Another reason I prefer the Avery labels is the great "Pop-up Edge" they have added,which makes the fast peeling of labels very quick & easy,when doing a stack of mail,
I just recently got my first laser printerBrother Printer HL2270DW Wireless Monochrome Printer(with which I am very happy, I find it works exponentially faster and more efficiently than ANY ink printer I have owned) and then these labels came up, which I thought was the perfect test for my new printer!Essentially, they print up great, and of course it will vary from printer to printer, but I didn't have any issues with these, smearing or getting caught or anything of the like.  If you are looking for return address labels for a laser printer, then these work extremely well, and are priced at the same as just about any other pack of address labels; they are worth it.  :)God Bless ~Amy
I've used this exact Avery label for years as our return address label.  I got this particular pack free through the Amazon Vine program in exchange for writing a review of the product.These labels are the perfect size for return addresses, and they are super easy to print using an Avery template or one that comes with your MSWord program. The adhesive is strong so they stay securely stuck to your envelopes.  The "easy peel" part of the name means they peel easily off the backing sheet when you bend it.  With 2000 labels in each pack, you'll be all set to send out those bills, letters and Christmas cards.
It is so easy to use these laser printer labels. There's a pre-loaded template in Word (you just have to select the item #), and they print clean and clear, and peel and stick easily. Just what we need in our busy lives -- simplicity!
These are everything you could want in printable address labels.  Easy to use, set up, and print.  And it's a good price for a good number of labels.We go through a pack roughly every month or two in our office (small insurance agency).  Avery makes some of the best office products, and these are no exception!
I have been using these labels for organizing and mailing my graduate school application materials.  They work perfectly in conjunction with Microsoft Word and my small HP P1000 Laser Jet printer. As other reviewers have noted, they are easy to peel and apply firmly to most surfaces. Highly recommended for their ease of use and professional, clean look. A+
Another great product by Avery.  These labels are extremely easy to use and they don't smear in my laser printer.  And by using the template software that Avery has (DesignPro) it is extremely easy to make your own designs.  I will buy again.
These are excellent.  Like most Avery labels, no smudging, easy to work with.  Worked great with my laser printer. I recommend all Avery products...at least the many that I have used so far!
Return address labels save you time, and the Avery system is easier-to-use than many.These labels perform exactly as described. They feed perfectly, are perfectly spaced on the label sheet, are easy to peel and position, and they can be repositioned many times yet still stick firmly.For those not familiar with how easy these Avery labels work:You simply open a Word DocumentClick on Envelopes and LabelsSelect Avery Label 5267Type in what you want on the labeland Print.The label sheet even shows you which end to insert in your printer.In a couple of seconds you have great-looking return address labels.
I received both Avery # 8167 and #5267 to review.  Since they are identical (same specs and template number) but one is designed for an inkjet printer (8167) and one is for a laser printer (5267), I'll be posting the same review for both items.These Labels are designed with a "Pop Up" Edge.  This means that you bend the sheet at the side and the labels you want literally pop up an exposed edge so you can grab them easily.  Then you fold the sheet flat again.  As with most labels, you can get away with running the sheet through to print only a few labels and then rerunning a partial sheet for a second print of the remaining labels.  In my experience, each subsequent use of a partial sheet runs a greater risk of a jam though.  I'm sure Avery's "jam free guarantee" would only apply to a print of a full page.These smaller size labels would also be useful for other applications-such as price tags at a garage sale...I've never found Avery to be anything but top of the line and this product is no exception.
Excellent labels. They adhered themselves to my envelopes like little soldiers...just as if their tiny little label lives depended on it...which, I suppose, they did.  There is room to write even the most pretentious European address, where they add all kinds of extra lines just to show off that they are in Europe, when we in America, the largest God Given Land Mass in The Continental World Of Its Kind, need just 3 lines.Does it mean we are better than those who live overseas?  Maybe.  And we don't have to talk with those fancy accents either, or in those foreign languages.  What's with them? When did they start with that? Do they think they are too good to speak English? Which is the language used in the Bible, so are they sending a message that way, too? Like to Satan or his mignons????BAnyway that is for each of us to determine in his or her own heart,and we are not here to talk about the snide, red-tinged and possibly devil worshiping Europeans, but about these Avery Labels, so let us return to our subject.  But you must admit, speaking a foreign language AND using more than 3 lines in an adress is just putting it on that one layer too thick.  .Okay, here we are, back to the labels again.  What makes Avery 1/2 X 1 3/4 Laser Printer Labels one notch better than your label (and certainly your inferior European label), what takes them to that semi-mythical Uber-label pantheon, is the stick up edge. You know when you have ten million labels to stick on envelopes and you try bending the page so the labels are easier to pull off,but some bend and some don't, and a couple even bend too far so they get stuck to themselves and you have to sneaky throw them away so no one will see?  Well finally somebody twigged to the need for a bent edge label and here it is.The bent edge does not make sticking labels on envelopes any less miserable, time-consuming and tedious a job, one more suited to, say, the Europeans. Labelling is awful work, particularly when one does it in one's office where one cannot turn the TV set on to watch Judge Judy, but the Avery Labels have that bent edge, a new High Tech Cutting Edge Design Element that makes the job go a little bit faster and every little bit helps.  And if you want to know why, at my age, my job still entails sticking labels on envelopes, it's because Shut Up.
This item works great.  Edge sticks up for easy peel.  Sticks very permanent, make sure you have it where you want it before you stick, as there will be know removing and re-sticking.  Prints through your laser printer good.
My family and I recently moved into a new home and I needed some easy/inexpensive return address labels. These Avery labels were easy to use in my home printer using the template they recommended. Super duper easy to peel off and use. I don't think I'll have to buy return address labels for a looooong time since the pack comes with 2,000 of them!
These labels are perfect for many uses.  I use them for shipping labels and for labeling items that I am storing. Also, I am using them as gift labels for packages for the poor for Christmas.  With the easy to use template, you can decorate these labels to make pretty tags that stick and don't come off. Avery labels are great!
I love Avery labels! Their free templates are easy to find and download. The labels print flawlessly every time. And they are durable. I really can't say enough about these terrific time savers. I design my own return address labels with a family portrait on them, I print out address labels for my holiday cards, and I print larger labels for packages, all with ease! If you are looking for high quality labels that won't let you down, Avery is the way to go...
These labels are what I have needed for years. We are always returning items and also often sell items on ebay. I have actually put together 2 small labels all these years. Finally, I can now print the labels from my computer and easily attach to the packages. Thanks, Amazon.
love the size so you can write or type big for the adddress and looks so professional rather than just writing on the envelope. Sometimes I write them out by hand and other times I print them out on my laser jet printer so I can do different colors. Turns out great every time and no getting stuck or labels coming loose while printing. Feeds easily through the printer.
I give these labels my highest recommendation as I like to recycle packaging (envelopes, boxes, plastic mailers) and they are sufficiently thick so that you only need one to cover up any addresses, codes, instructions that would ordinarily make it hard to reuse packaging. Even if you tend not to be a person who recycles, these will serve you well in case you need to return a purchase using the same package that it came in.Easy to peel and can be used for addressing using computer software or just as good to peel off and write over them by hand. Priced reasonably and there is little else to say about "labels." If you need them, these are as good as it gets for the reasons highlighted above.If you use labels exclusively for mailings on new envelopes, you might be able to save a few dollars and buy another Avery product that has more labels for a similar price.
I used these as name tags in my classroom on folders. I also used them on boxes that I packed away for future use. I mailed a present to my sister in another state with some of them. They have worked great for all three purposes. They stick well and don't peel up around the edges. The markers (sharpie type) don't bleed on them. They are very effective for many purposes besides just shipping. And they do a great job for their main purpose as well.
What can I say? Avery makes great labels. These are my favorite size, and I love that they block out what's underneath so I can reuse shipping envelopes.
I received this through the Amazon vine program.  These labels are heavy grade of paper that will completly cover any errors that you might have made on a previous label as long as this label size is the same as your original label.  The package contains a link to a format you can use with Word that allows you to print labels that conform to the sheets you have.I have a Kodak ink printer and I had absolutely no problems feeding the sheets through it.  I was able to refeed the sheets easily if I did not use all of the labels the first time.The adhesive on the labels holds well and I have had no problem.I would highly recommend these labels for normal and for corrective labeling.
These Avery shipping labels are easy to use. The 2 x 4 inch size is large enough for both the to: address and a return address. They stick very well. The labels make it easy to reuse boxes and large envelopes because they have a gray blocking layer that covers any writing or printing underneath.I've had no trouble using my ink-jet printer to print the labels and the Avery templates make it snap to produce professional looking results.
There are a lot of options when it comes to labels and it can be hard to pick one that is best.  Although placing a normal label on a surface with writing covers most of it up, these ensure that it does.  I tested several and they do work well.  These labels are great for packages and are the type I use most often.As for the stickiness of these labels, I would say they are about average.  They are probably not going to fall off in transit, but can peel off mostly clean or completely clean on the surface they were attached to.  Overall, these are good labels, but there isn't a whole lot of difference between them and others.
Excellent cover up's for your mis-printed envelopes.  The perfect size to cover up most addresses.  Sticks well, prints excellent.  Removes from the sheet easily.
These are general use return address/locate labels. 2 inch by 4 inches.  I checked MS word and MS works and Avery provided the Avery template numbers, so they worked well with all my applications without the need for me to download the templates from the the Avery website. And, of course, Avery was the industry leader in labels from the beginning, so you can not loose buying these.  And the TrueBlock really works.  I took one of the blank labels and pasted it on the dark blue folder the lables come in.  No blue shows through, it is pure white..
It's environmentally friendly to reuse packaging material, but it can be annoying when you try to cover up or tear up old labels.  The Avery TrueBlock Technology comes to the rescue.  It's a time saver and frustration free solution.
These labels are excellent.  They feed well and don't smudge.  Standard size and very useful.  What more could you want?
I'm a label lover. My cranky old inkjet has started chewing up the occasional label sheet, but for whatever reason, these go through without a hitch. I use them for more than shipping, no home office can be without these.
I always used avery for mailing and shipping labels, and these are the larger sized ones for boxes, etc.  Like them.
The easy-peel feature makes it easier to get the labels off the sheet. You bend the page in half and then back again. The product is fool-proof. The tricky parts are doing the mail merge into the word processor.The templates come with Microsoft Word and WordPerfect.  At the website they have templates for image processing software, too.If you have a specific question, make a comment and I will figure out the answer.
Rarely does a company claim something is improved that actually is better, but this is one of those rare occasions.  The simple lack of paper in between the columns of labels does wonders for the ease of peeling off a label.  Why this isn't a common practice for all printable stickers is the real question.  No more bending the paper to peel one off.  On my inkjet printer the printed labels look wonderful as far as colors and clarity.  With the template I was able to customize several mailing labels for different seasons and different addresses.  The labels affix to envelopes easily and I haven't noticed any peeling.  I have only used the labels on regular envelopes, so I don't know how they would hold up on any other type of packaging (such as padded envelopes), but will update if I ever find out.  The labels could have been a little longer to allow for a longer address in larger fonts or a small picture/clip art, but I still was able to put a small jack-o-lantern in front of my friend's address when sending her a Halloween card (only really sent her one so I could use more labels just for fun).  I just had to use a smaller font next to the clip art, but it still is a good size.Word of caution:  Depending on your printer, the printing may be off center or higher on the label than expected.  I'm almost positive this is my printer because I have had this issue with mailing seals as well, but just wanted to advise others to check this before printing many labels.
I like using Avery labels because the templates never fail.  These address labels are easy to peel off and work well for mail merges.
I figured these labels would be comparable with other Avery labels. these are truly smudge free and easy to peel off....no rips or tears from the sheet.
Avery labels are an outstanding product and these labels have a Pop-up Edge to make peeling easy. I often tug at a label, insert my fingernail or knife under one attempting to release it, sometimes tearing the label. These labels eliminate these hassles. A bonus is that if your word processor software doesn't have a template for them, you can download it on Avery's website. I like the size of these labels, too.
I have used Avery Labels for years and all I can say is they are still the only game in town when it comes to ease of use, quality and getting the job done on a standard ink jet printer. I can't remember an Avery Label coming off.Something I really like is there whiteness and the contrast with ink jet black. As stated they are truly easy to peel.
Don't you hate it when you have to pick and pick at the corner of a label....  Avery's Easy Peel Address Labels are very easy to peel... They are a bit thinner than the Avery Repositionable labels, but still very strong. Very easy to print on and the ink - no matter the color shows up great... Be sure the check out avery's website for templates and more...
I'll keep this review brief:These labels are very nice. Convenient to use with my inkjet printer, and getting the template for printing them is a snap. You just go to avery.com/templates, then select 'templates' from the left, then go to the 'address labels' menu, then pick the 'clear - 30 per sheet' template that works with your word processing program (I use Word). From Word, it was as simple as selecting Open --> navigating to the template on My Documents, then filling it out and printing normally.The only thing for me is that I don't typically send to the same address a lot of times, so I won't be going through these too quickly. I do my bills and stuff online now, so... the days of needing address labels are coming to an end (for me).Still, you get a bunch of easy-to-print labels for about a cent each. Saves you time messing with a pen and could be very useful for when you're sending out invitations for which you have the addresses of the invitees on your computer and don't want to bother writing out a bunch of labels.
I've used Avery labels for years and been very satisfied.  The new easy-peel feature makes these the best yet!
You can't go wrong with Avery.  They are the masters of the office products genre.  And these labels are no exception.  They are perfect.If you are doing a mass mailing, and don't want to print out envelope by envelope, here is the solution.  If you so choose, they, of course, can also be used for individual mailing.They are 1" x 2-5/8" and very appropriate for No. 10 or smaller envelopes.  Tasteful but unobtrusive size-wise.  They peel off easily and adhere easily.  They also adhere securely.This is a great find for me as I have a mass mailing of my own to do and was wondering just how to handle posting the addressee without labels appearing to make the mailing look like it could be bulk mail.  These don't appear that way and I think they are perfect for their purpose.
They seem to work fine so far. For those having problems: I would suggest you only use them on paper-based envelopes or material. OR, if used on a sticky surface perhaps cover the label with shipping tape. Just my suggestion.
I use these labels to do marketing campaigns for my small landscaping business, and I was so impressed with how crisp and clean they look.The only stickers on the sheet are the labels themselves, so they are super easy to peel off, and you aren't left with any stupid little bits sticking to your fingers once you're nearly done using the sheet of labels. I really love that new design.The labels also went through my printer with no issue. I was worried that because they've eliminated that outer quarter inch of excess label and just left the labels themselves on the sheet, that the sheets might get stuck in my printer or not feed as well. To test how they fed, I loaded in a stack of labels instead of feeding them one at a time as I used to. I needn't have worried, my printer took up each sheet with no difficulty and no jamming and printed out beautiful address labels.I'm very happy with the quality here. They've really managed to eliminate everything I find annoying about printer labels. Everything about these is perfect.
Just got a new printer - the old one had trouble pulling through labels etc to keep on the lines. This one does not, and so the labels themselves are great No complaints!
I love these labels and find that they have a million uses around the house beyond just addressing envelopes and packages.  I keep a database of people to whom we send Christmas cards.  It is kept in an address label template.  Each year, I check the list to add or remove individuals and then run off a set of labels.  Doing this instead of hand addressing dozens and dozens of envelopes saves a ton of time during the busy holiday season.  If I have white envelopes for the cards I can use these labels.  If the envelopes are another color, I use the clear labels.  Changing the font easily adds a more artistic and attractive touch.  I use the same process for party invitations for our annual Super Bowl party and for other events.The labels can be used one or two at a time to address small batches of mail.  The template called for on the package is super easy to set up in the computer with no figuring out margins, spacing, offset and separation.  The Easy Peel labels are fast off the page and onto the envelope with no picking and messing with removal.These labels can also be used as name tags for get togethers where all the guests do not know each other.And the labels can be used to mark items in storage.  They mark shoe boxes to identify the contents, doll collection storage, jewelry storage and lots of arts and crafts containers.A wonderful way to keep all your life easily organized and to do it quickly and easily.
For the most part I've always liked Avery products.  These particular labels feed well through the printer. Inkjet printing comes out clean and smudge free.  They also stick very well. They are the perfect size for most envelopes.  I recommend them.
I gave these five stars, because they're about as good as labels could be.  Of course, at the end of the day, they're still labels.  They are nice, crisp, and sticky, and worked well with my inkjet printer.  (I have aCanon MP530).  Avery's new improvement is their "Easy Peel" technology - there's no label paper in between the columns, so you can bend the paper underneath to get a grip on your finished labels.  I have never noticed problems lifting traditional labels, but if it's a pet peeve of yours, then "Easy Peel" is something to look forward to.Where Avery really impressed me was their software.  If you go to their website, they have four free options to generate labels, including mail merges, included graphics, font formatting, etc.:1) The old standard, Microsoft Word mail merges with templates.  This is pretty much the same as I remembered - the 5160 template works perfectly, and I was able to do a test merge using my holiday list.2) An all online solution, "Avery Design and Print Online."  This is the standout for me.  Cool, fully online, capable of using my data files, with clip art and good features.  I like this a lot.  (It was a little finicky with my address file, but with a little editing, I got things running nicely).3) The "Avery Wizard" is a downloadable wizard that runs inside office products.  It basically does a mail merge, but simplifies things.4) "Avery Design Pro" - I had trouble figuring out this program.  It looks good for cards or envelopes, but for labels this small, it seems like more power than I needed.
Avery consistently pumps out quality products and the base things you can expect from their labels hold true here: no smudging, ease of setup,good adhesive.  The added feature (although not very new, but new to me) is the Easy Peel feature.  As the product copy says, "Columns can be separated to expose label edges for easier, faster peeling".  That about sums it up.  No more folding back and prying.  If you save a second per label peeling, that's a few minutes saved on a good sized Christmas card mailing!  Anything that makes things easier in a "commodity" product warrants a five-star rating in my book.
The labels are easy to create using an ink-jet printer and easy to apply.  Highly recommended.
I've experimented with a number of different brands of labels but I always come back to Avery as the best.  I love Avery labels because:1) they provide a ton of free label templates on their website that are useful for a variety of purposes2) they peel easily and stick great to paper envelopes3) they are incredibly easy to print with high accuracy.  The templates ensure that you get exactly what you expect every time you print.I'm very happy with these address labels.
I've run my own business for years and tried my fair share of printer labels.  I've tried many styles and brands and Avery brand labels continue to be my favorites.  Avery seems to have done everything right with their new Easy Peel labels.  The paper is just the right thickness - blocks out any print underneath without creating a raised edge that gets caught easily.  The glue doesn't lose adhesion over time.  The paper is bright white with a smooth finish and the edges are cut smooth and clean.  Perfect!Plus the new Easy Peel feature makes peeling off a label nearly effortless.  The page is creased under the edge of the label sticker.  Just bend the page and the edge of the label pops up for easy grabbing.  Ingenious design!Number two runner up is 3M brand.  Their paper has a slightly rougher face, but their glue is just as strong.  No Easy Peel technology with 3M labels however.I've learned to stay away from Staples brand labels and the other generic brands.  The glue is worthless and the paper is too thin to cover over any old print.So if you're looking for a great printer label and don't mind spending a little more for quality, Avery brand Easy Peel labels are the way to go.  I've tried 5 different Avery Easy Peel styles and all are top notch.
Great labels.  I especially like the opaque nature of these white labels.  If you make a mistake, you can just put another label on top of the previous one.Sticks great.
I used my entire package of these up already and have purchased these in the past several times last year to create labels for my classroom library.  They align well, the ink doesn't smudge once it dries a bit, and they adhere well.  After spending hours designing classroom bin and book labels, I want labels that can stand up to 2nd graders.  And my 2nd graders love to read.  I only had one label come off (in a year) and it had to do with someone picking at it after it got wet and became smudged.  While these are a bit more than the store brand in those big box stores, I'd rather spend a bit more and have a product work.
I can always depend on Avery to give me a quality product.  These little labels are what we use the most in our household.  They are handy for everything.  We use them with the free downloadable templates from their website so they are positioned accurately and look crisp and professional.  You can just print one or a whole sheet... and now the directions are right on the back of each sheet, very handy.  If you collect boxtops for education, they are cleary displayed in an area that can easily be cut out without disturbing the contents.No jamming, yet each individual label is easier to pick up without dislodging the outside border.  No problems.Highly recommended quality product.
Our town's energy committee recently had a project for which we needed about 250 peel-off labels.  Our plan was to distribute 250 CFL (compact fluorescent) light bulbs free at our town's community day (sort of like a street fair) in order to encourage people to use the bulbs to reduce electricity use.  CFL light bulbs can save about 75 percent on electricity over incandescent bulbs.  For the 250 bulbs, we calculated that for 8000 hours of use and an electric cost of $0.10/KWh the total savings vs. 100 watt incandescent bulbs for all the bulbs would be about $15,000.  There would also be a saving of 94 tons of carbon dioxide emission.Avery Address Labelswere a good choice for adding a label indicating the savings for using the bulbs and our committee's name.  The question was how to get the information printed on the labels.  At the Avery web site, I found free software, DesignPro, which makes it possible to produce label designs for different label sizes.  I downloaded the software easily and got started on the designFor laser printer labels, there were fourteen pre-made templates for the different size labels.  I chose the template that matched my labels.  Using DesignPro was a little like using PowerPoint.  I was able to cut and paste a graphics image, add the appropriate text, and choose a font for the text.  A test run on my color laser printer produced a beautiful matrix of labels.  The only problem was to find out which side of the label stock had to be up.  I can never remember.  After an up/down test, I had my sheets of labels printed in no time.Our community day give-away was a big success.  Our free light bulbs lasted about four hours.  We had enough time to peel and apply the labels as we gave away the CFLs.  One surprise is that we had to have a sales pitch even for give-aways.  The other surprise was that many people had never seen CFLs before.  I am now a big fan of Avery labels, but I recommend getting the free software to make them work.
These are general use return address/locate labels. 1 inch by 2.625. I checked MS word and MS works and Avery provided the Avery template numbers, so they worked well with all my applications without the need for me to download the templates from the the Avery website. And, of course, Avery was the industry leader in labels from the beginning, so you can not loose buying these.
So far I have not had any problems with these labels but I only use them on envelopes for invitations and thank you's. What I like about Avery products is that you can always find an exact template for their products for free on their website. These labels print well, no smudging, they feed through the printer without any problem and they seem to stick well. If you want a quality product, you always get that from Avery.
Having just moved, I haven't had a chance to try printing these yet, but have used a sharpie to mark them for storage containers. Good labels so far.
I have had bad experiences with "generic" printable labels in the past...namely, with the sheet getting stuck in my printer.  So far, I have had no problems at all with these labels.  They go through the printer smoothly.  The labels are easy to peel off the sheet as well.If you go online to the Avery website, there is a free software download that allows you to customize the labels to your liking.
These Avery Easy Peel Labels are another nice addition in a go-to line of Avery products.  I have used their products in the past, and I have always been happy with their mailing labels.  This product is no exception--it is a great product too.  Things to like:1.  Avery is now printing the directions on how to print your labels right on the back of each individual printer sheet, and I am so glad that they have done this.  No more looking for the directions on how to format the printer--they are right there on the sheet (they are in English and Spanish).  It also has an address to their web site and lists all the things you can design on their site.  It also has the customer support 800 number printed on the front and back of each sheet should you run in to a problem.  The Spanish version has telephone support numbers listed for Mexico, Venezuela, Brazil, and Chile.2.  A Pack of Freebies.  Included in the labels pack is a four pack of Avery Repositionable Note Tabs.  You can use them to mark textbooks and notebooks.  A nice little bonus that gives you a chance to try a new product before you buy it.3.  Two "Box Tops for Education" coupons on the outside of the package--easy to cut without ruining the integrity of the packaging.  We save box tops in our house for the kids' schools, so this was a nice little bonus for me.4.  The packaging these come is 100% recyclable.5.  The labels are easy to print, the ink dries quickly, and come off the sheet very easily, yet stick nicely to an envelope or folder.I am very happy with these labels and would buy them again.  Another great product from Avery.
I print all my own address labels, and have done so for my at-home business for years.  Lately I've been noticing that some labels I buy don't seem to work with the template given to use with them.  I use The Print Shop Deluxe software for making up my labels, and when I designed some using the template I was told to use, they printed totally off-center and not in the right place, wasting a bunch of printer ink on unusable labels.  This seemed to mostly happen with the new "easy peel" labels, which often had one product number but said on the package to use another product number template.  I got very frustrated by this.  I tried using an on-line Avery software, and had little better luck.  I'd pretty much almost decided no longer to print my own labels, but when given a chance to review this product, thought I'd give it another try.Well, so far so good.  I've just printed up about 15 sheets of labels, and all printed precisely correctly.  I have a fairly cheap HP inkjet printer, and it has printed them well.  These are smaller labels than I usually use, as I like to put a picture on one side of the address, and these are a little too small to do that and also have room for a legible address, but that's not the fault of the labels!  They are plenty big enough for an address that can be clearly read.  The smaller size also allows lots of labels to be made from the one pack.  So for now, my faith in Avery is restored!
This is an excellent product for home or office use. I tried this out for our home office, my husband's business, and it was great.It is so easy to set up the label template in MS Word, and it worked with no problem. Or, as the package says, you can go to the Avery web site and down load their template; however, it took me several tries on their website because I kept getting an "unavailable" message. But once I got through, it was easy to locate the template with their search button.The nice little touch that makes this sheet of labels different from other products is that the space between the labels on the sheet is notched. You don't notice it at first, but the instructions say to "bend at the column until the edge of the label pops up", and sure enough, that is exactly what happens.This is a very time saving and convenient way to get labels off the sheet without tears. Also, as advertised, I ran several sheets and none of them ever got caught in my printer - another wonderful convenience!So, I highly recommend the Avery Easy Peel lables.
Avery products are a must for our home office as well as for work. I love the Easy Peel labels particularly because it truly is easy to peel off. I run several bulk mailings for church and these are the quickest way to get our labels done. They come out of the inkjet printer perfectly and worked in our photo copier too. I use this is conjunction with the Avery label software with seamless results.
These are a bit thicker than the generic labels I've been using for a while. They are indeed easier to peel making short(er) work of large labeling tasks. No problems with jamming, smudging or sticking. They work perfectly in my HP printer. No complaints.
Although I have had the opportunity to use other brands through the Vine program, I am still very pleased with the price and performance of the Avery brand of labels.  I have never had an issue with these labels smudging or jamming in my laser printer.  I use these not only for address labels, but also for frequently used notes on packages (e.g. Fragile) and to label file folder boxes as well.  The templates to use create the data for the labels are included with Microsoft Word and make easy work out of getting them printed properly.
There isn't much to write about a standardized product such as labels.  These are good quality, and they work well in our HP LJ2200D printer.They stick where you put them.Highly recommended.
These labels work perfectly.  Labels are such a time and effort saver, and they are so versatile; there are so many things you can do with them.  I can't imagine living in a world without labels.  These particular ones are for laser printers, but they can also be used just for writing on.  They are easy to peel.  They are address labels, but you can use them for a variety of different reasons.  These labels are really awesome.Convenient, practical, good quality, and they make life easier.  These labels can do so many things and you can use them for so many reasons - the list is endless.Highly recommended for office, home, school, workshop, playroom, etc. - the list is endless.
and yes, they are easy to peel off, haven't caused a printer jam, print nicely and sticks well. i don't know what the difference is between the 5160 and 5260 because they seem to be the same size. from what i can tell, the only difference seems to be that the 5160 comes in a much larger pack (3000 labels) than the 5260 (750 labels). so if you're in need of many more labels than 750, i'd buy the 5160 instead of multiple packs of 5260. but for casual home users who don't want 3000 labels (that's 100 sheets of labels - it's a lot), the 5260 would be a better choice even though you spend more per label - buying in excess is more wasteful than paying for a smaller pack.
These are your world famous Avery 5160 style labels. It is so well known, apparently, that "5160" is a registered trademark...interesting.TESTINGMy first tests with with an HP OfficeJet Pro K5400 and HP DeskJet 5650. Yes, these are inkjet printers and this is supposed to be a pack of laser labels. Despite that fact, the labels performed very well.  Large text and small text are both clear and crisp with minimal ability to smear (not any more than any other paper).In my test with an HP LaserJet 4050, it went through the printer perfectly and the printed labels look terrific.FEATURESThe "Pop-up Edge" for fast peeling is useful. This is by no means unique, as 3M has the same thing in their labels, but it is useful for quickly pulling labels off. It works by having a perforation strip under the right edge of each label column, so you can fold the sheet and the edge of the label will stick out and be ready to pull off.ADHESIVENESSAs for the adhesiveness, it is a moderate stick -- you can carefully peel it off once you stick it on, but it will not go anywhere if stuck on paper.As you would expect from Avery, these are very high quality labels good for home or office that have stood the test of time.
These work like a charm if you use the corresponding template.  M printer is hardly the latest model but still works so I really appreciate that the lables don't get stuck in the printer. Other good points: the ink does not smudge and they are easy to peel and stick.
Another effective Avery office product that's relatively easy to use. Works fine with our home(Panasonic) and office(HP) laser printers (I didn't bother trying the labels with our ink-jet printers).  Avery provides FREE templates for Microsoft Word and also their own Design and Print Online.  It was easy to print out address labels for our clients.  Just make sure the printing is aligned properly with the labels.  The Pop-up Edge feature ensures effortles peeling of the labels.  There were no smudging.  Avery has kept it simple and useful.
These are simple to use. An easy download into Word and they printed great. The peel was easy and looked amazing on the envelopes!
If you are accustomed to office store brand labels which are simply incised through the top layer of peel-and-stick paper, you are in for a pleasant surprise with these labels from Avery. The user only needs to bend the paper at each vertical row and the labels stick up on the ends for easy removal. These are also comparably priced to the office store brands in a similar quantity. So given the choice, buying these more convenient to use labels is a no brainer. At this writing, though, I could not find these in large quantities, so the office store brands can still beat these in price in large quantities. Nevertheless, I recommend these and feel the ease of use saves enough time to warrant additional expense for larger quantities.
I have been using Avery 5260 address labels for years.  They are perfect for addressing envelopes, labeling files, and even captioning photos in albums.  Avery labels are easy to use, rarely smudge, and peel off easily. The package contains 25 sheets, 30 labels per sheet for a total of 750 labels.  Avery address labels are handy for home, school, or office use and work well with most printers.  Highly recommended.
I got a laser printer and wanted to try out the laser version of these address labels. They are great! Print great and stick great. And they are easier to remove than they used to be. I use address labels for addresses (obviously), but also for all sort of things. Mainly labeling things. But you'll be surprised at how versatile these can be!
Avery is a brand that has been doing laser labels for as long as I can remember and they put out a very nice product.  This particular size, the 5260 is the perfect size for address labels for envelopes.  Three columns, ten long means you get 30 labels to a sheet.Easy peel off, easy printing with no jams.  The perfect label.The nice thing about Avery is that it works seamlessly with Microsoft Office.  In word they have templates for all the Avery laser labels and you just have to select which one you are using and the blank template just pops up.  Sometimes with generic brands, this is not the case and you have to manually set your parameters which while doable for a regular MS Word user could prove to be quite an obstacle for the casual user.I highly recommend these labels to anyone.  They will not give you trouble.
. .for just about anything. I use these 1) to label my chargers and wires that seem to multiply on their own in the drawer. 2) Put reminders on. . .just about anything. 3) Little notes for my hubby that won't get lost or blow away. 4)Of course, for files, papers, notes. Easy to remove from the backing. I don't do mail merge, but that's what their made for. Be creative.
No smudging, no pulling off the sheet when printing, and they come off easily when desired.  No complaints on these labels.
Great labels. Easy to use. Didn't come off in my laser printer. Very happy with product
I've used lots and lots of labels over the years and believe the Avery Easy Peel Address Labels a great value for the money. Of course, you can also use them with inkjet printers, etc. Check it out.
Yes, these labels are just as they are described, but even better than I expected.From past experience with printing labels, I figured I'd have to spoil a few sheets to "get the system zeroed-in."I was wrong.  I clicked on my label options, selected the appropriate Avery label number, and voila! printed my first sheet of labels--which were perfect.As they advertise, the labels are also extremely easy to peel, so I'm very pleased and will reorder these labels again and again.
Make note that this product is for laser printers!  Great product for office or at home use.  If you have a mass mailing to do, you will find Avery templates and labels extremely useful.  These products come with Easy Peel technology to make sticking the labels on envelopes even easier.  Anytime you have to print labels, look to these Avery labels.  A good value for your money.  You can address 750 envelopes with just one package.  Do you know how much time mail merge, a printer, and some avery labels will save you.  You won't be disappointed!
So far so good... I print a few labels at at time on a page so I may often put the same sheet back in my printer several times.  Not having the white column separation paper in between the columns helps eliminate the chance of jamming. Removing a label from the page is easy and trouble free.  For my type of use it seems a good choice.  Thumbs up!
Avery has done it again!  Been using their product for years and I think these are a good improvement over prior functionality.I did use the template and verified that the printing surfaces were clean and ready to go prior to use.  In this way, the labels printed smoothly and easily.  There was not smudging.  The labels did not get stuck in the printer.As the sheet includes just labels (no margins), they peeled off easily and could be subsequently appliedquickly and neatly to the envelopes.  The finished look was neat and very professional and ready for mailing.Overall,  these are terrific  address labels for any user.
If you have a home business or non-profit, these labels are helpful.  And they don't clog the printer.  And they peel off easily.  I have found uses for labels I didn't know about--the bins in the basement of old toys, LPs, pictures of Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert before they were funny.  Labels are a wonderful way to save time and trouble.  And these labels really are that.
i ordered these labels because of the features promised: the Pop-up Edge(tm) for fast peeling and jam-free and smudge-free labels every time. i like how they perform-- they do indeed pop up easily when you bend the paper they are stuck to, and they print on very nicely. i also use them for writing by hand as multipurpose labels for photos, folders, books and binders to organize my files.
I rarely download templates for labels. I use the built-in mail merge in Word and it already supports pretty much every label made - including this one (5260.)I've been using Avery labels for over a decade, and this latest generation is a marked improvement. The biggest pain with previous labels was removing the label from the rest of the sheet - you know, the remainder after the labels were removed. These labels don't have that "remainder" - just the labels. It makes peeling off the labels easier, cleaner and faster.They fed fine on my laser printer and inkjet.People that complain about smudging on the 1st page need to clean the printer more often with a cleaning sheet, or pre-feed heavier stock. Labels are pretty thick!  Little fuzzies, pet hair (yes, I have found pet heir in my inkjet print head) and the like may not cause problems with normal paper. But put in card stock, photo paper or labels - you can have a mess.  That's why I'll always print a small color block on a piece of card stock BEFORE using labels, or use card stock as the first print as a test.  It's a lot cheaper than wasting a sheet of labels!Feeding: I always print test pages.  For example my laser printer has three drawers and a manual bypass. One drawer requires the labels be down.  Two drawers need them facing up. Manual bypass facing down, and tail-end in first.  Envelopes are even more confusing. With paper this is not a concern, with labels it always is.Here's a tip. Take a piece of paper. Use a pen and write TOP on the paper. Flip it over, write BOTTOM. Then draw an arrow on one edge- the edge that goes in the printer first.  Print a sheet of "labels" on this paper. Examine it. Scratch your head.  The results are often confusing - but will save you a ton of headaches.
There's enough separation between labels to avoid printer run over. You won't go wrong with this high quality Avery product.
These print very well, didn't jam my printer.  Just bend the sheet a little and the edge of the label pops up for easy removal from the sheet.  Sticks very well, doesn't seem like it would have a problem coming off, in the mail.
These labels are great - good quality, the ink doesn't run on them, and they peel off easily from the backing.They are a nice, bright white and are suitable for professional use.
If you have a mailing list in the hundreds, anything that shaves a little bit of time on the boring and repetitive parts of the project is very welcome. This new "easy peel" design couldn't be easier to use. You just bend the column every so slightly and you get an easy to grab edge that allows you to peel off each label without having to grab a corner by nudging with your fingernail, over and over again--even after going through the heat of a laser printer. I have found them to feed through smoothly (only one sheet at a time), not get jammed, not have one of the label corners accidentally adhere to the roller or feed dogs of the printer (yes, this has happened to me and it's a nightmare I'm glad to be able to put behind me). They work like a charm.NOTE TO AVERY:As much as I have loved these labels, I STILL have a slight objection. It has nothing to do with either quality, functionality, or design. It has to do with size. These one-inch high labels easily accommodate a three-line address. A four-line address fits. However, if you want to take full advantage of your word processor's capabilities and add a zip bar code line (which really DOES work in getting your mail delivered faster), you can fit it in on the three-line address, but it gets cut off on the four-line address.If you have a longer address structure, you're absolutely doomed. For example: I have several unmarried couples on my list. They each require a line. (Mr. John Smith, Ms. Mary Jones). I also mail some company executives, and this becomes a nightmare:Mr. John Smith, PresidentThe ACME Company1234 Main Street, Suite 5City, State, Zip//////bar code////////.This address does not fit on a 1" label.This makes creating a large mailing a real problem. I print the whole list (800+) in this label, then discard the ones that didn't fit and re-do them manually on label #05163, which are the next size up but, at 2" x 4" they are really to BIG. (#5962 which is 1 1/3" high doesn't provide that much of an improvement and it's still 4" wide!)Please, Avery, make a 1.5" x 3" label to accommodate the longest names and titles and the longest addresses and not look horrible on the envelope--and make them Easy Peel, just like this one.
I like to use my laser printer to print labels for Christmas cards each year.  It is so much easier to load a sheet of labels and print a bunch of address labels rather than hand-write the address on each envelope.  I have used other laser printer labels for this purpose in the past, but they were an off-brand and somewhat difficult to configure with Microsoft Word.  These Avery labels are easy to use.  [...]. has free software available that makes printing on their labels quick and easy.  These particular labels use their 5160 template even though the box says 5260 on it.  You can print 30 labels per sheet.  As advertised, each is easy to remove.If you are looking for white labels for use on a laser printer, these are perfect for addressing envelopes.  They are sized small enough that they could be used for labeling other things such as small storage boxes, CD boxes, etc. although I'm sure their major use is intended for envelopes.  They are cumbersome to use if you only want to generate a few labels at a time, but if you need them in large quantity, this is the way to go.
What can I say. They are very good labels. Peel off easy. Stick well. Don't smear when printed on. Doesn't jam up my printer. Can't think of anything else they would be need to do so 5 stars from me!
These 1" x 2 5/8" labels have many uses. I've been using them for quite a while, and they've always performed perfectly. They stick well and they don't smudge.Also, although Avery says that each sheet should only go through a printer once, who works like that? I've done sheets printing one label at a time, with no problems at all. If you do that, I'd recommend starting with the bottom row of labels and working your way up. Of course, your laser printers might be different from mine, so your mileage might vary.The labels now have a "Pop-up Edge" for easy peeling, but I haven't used it, since I usually print one label at a time. The pop-up edge facilitates peeling of an entire column of labels at once. However, I've never had the slightest bit of trouble peeling labels off individually.They are excellent labels, and Avery offers software and/or templates to make it easy to print on them.
These are terrific "every day" labels. I've tried them on both my laser and inkjet printers and have had no issues with smudging or jamming.The labels are thick enough that they don't appear see through.  They hold ink well.  The adhesive is very strong-no worries that the labels will peel off in the mail.I highly recommend these for you everyday no frills address labels.
Avery File Folder Labels are fast and easy to use. The paper is nice quality and they are easy to peel off. It works well on my ink jet printer and states it works with laser printers too. The labels are on acid free paper. I like that the labels are not side by side connected together like some labels I have used in the past but the labels have spaces between them (side by side) so they come off easy. The labels are close together on top and bottom but they don't stick together. Has anyone used labels like I had where the labels hang together or stick to the paper when peeled off? Ugh, I hate that. This one will not do that.I also like that it came with four free samples of Avery Note Tabs that was a pleasant bonus. Another great feature Avery has is free templates online for Microsoft Word and an Avery Design and Print. Going online, I found 44 templates listed for the file folder labels but about a handful of templates that will work with these specific file labels. They are basic but get the job done and look good printed out. Another freebie is the Avery Wizard for Microsoft Word for more creating. I use Wordperfect X5 and the templates work fine in it. I have yet to explore the other software listed but I just thought it was a great added bonus for using their templates. I will buy from Avery because they not only give quality labels, but go the extra distance and give more to boot.
I've long been a fan of Avery products. Every time I buy an off-brand just to save a few cents, I always end up with paper jams or unusable smudged, smeared, or incorrectly placed labels. Avery products are always well-made and supported by every device that I use in my office. The Avery File Folder Labels are no exception.Speaking of software and formats, even if the program you have doesn't support Avery (I can't imagine which one that would be...) you can go to their website and download templates or even use their website to print! (This one is great because our office includes not only PC's but also several Linux machines).Lastly, I was happily surprised to see the inclusion of 2 "Box Tops". My children's school does an excellent job of collecting these and turning them in. It is nice to finally see these great incentives on products other than snack food.When is a label not just another label? When it's an Avery label! :)
I recently went through my filing cabinet and purged all of the old crap that was cluttering the drawers.  The problem is that I now had a stack of very usable folders that were "tattooed" by the old labels.  You can't tear the old labels off without damaging the tab and if you put new labels over them the writing on the old label shows through.These new Avery File Folder Labels are absolutely perfect for this situation: you can place them over old labels and they completely block out the writing on the old labels.  Problem solved!!Nice and heavy-duty, these are excellent labels.PS - It always makes my day to know that people find these reviews helpful. If you'd also like to ask a question or leave a comment I usually respond the same day, so if you have a question or comment (even if it's just to say, Hi!") feel free to post it below.Thanks,Claire
I like to print labels for my file folders so they are easier to read.  These labels go through the printer well and attach to file folders securely.  They are great!
To me, Avery is like the standard when it comes to printing labels.  The reason I say this is not only because of their high quality labels and products, but because when you buy it, you're pretty much guaranteed to find a template already in your office productivity software (e.g. MS Word/Excel).  Avery now has the added feature of being able to design the labels directly from their website and print (Go to their website, and then click on "Design & Print."  Avery is truly going the extra mile to make the process of printing labels as simple as possible.I've been using Avery labels for years, and they continue to improve upon their already excelent products.  This product in particular adds a special feature that they call 'Trueblock Technology'. For most people, this would seem like trivial.  A label is a label, whats the point?  For those of you that want to re-use old folders, and completely mask the previous label/marking, this label does the trick.  After printing out a sheet of labels, I placed them over folders with permanent markers markings, old printed labels, pens, and more.  On regular labels, you may be able to see faint outlines of what was written before.  With these labels, I was unable to detect any previous marking.  Works as advertised!There are 25 sheets of labels, each with 30 labels, for a total of 750 labels.  Whether you print or write directly on these file folder labels, what amounts to less than 3 cents per label, you can't go wrong with this.  Unlike some of their other labels, this particular one worked well with my Epson Photosmart printer as well as my ancient HP LaserJet 8150 (If your printer has the option to, be sure to specify that you are printing on a label versus a regular sheet of paper).Needless to say, I highly recommend this product.
I love to reuse file folders.  I know, file folders are pretty cheap and why bother?  Well, convenience is the main reason and not being wasteful, maybe, that's the other.  Anyway, I've developed that habit over the years and I've used my share of "tricks" to do it which include turning the folder inside out and using the other side of the tab, liquid paper, correction film, and stick-on labels.  Labels have become the preferred choice for me and that is where these improved Avery ones with their super opaque cover technology shine.Avery labels are simply the best brand you can buy.  A label isn't something that cannot be improved upon and Avery continues to be the leader in the finish of the actual label, the adhesives, and their "TrueBlock Technology" which makes the label 100% opaque to anything under it.  No more "x-ray" vision of the previous writing, or previous label, underneath makes for a neat job of folder presentation.  They feed flawlessly through all my printers, and if only printing a single the sheets will hold up extremely well for repeated trips through.  The quality is top-notch and you can use a fine point sharpie to write on and it is still crisp without the fattened bleed look to your written labels.  The adhesive never curls and I have even been able to remove them with care to simply put a new label on when I've had several to build up.This particular size is truly versatile too.  I've used them as labels on so many different items that I am addicted to having these on hand.  You can use them not just in the office, but for lots of creative labeling.  You can label audio/video cables by wrapping them around the cable, price sundry items if you have a business, label dates on items stored in your fridge or freezer, put a date you opened something such as olive oil so you know it is still usable, the list goes on.  They stick and they remain readable under  and/or heavy use conditions.  These labels are worth the money and you may find yourself addicted too.  Recommended with no reservations.
I'll go into more detail about what's superior about Avery below, but first, regarding this size --These will fit three lines of 10 point Arial, or one line of something bigger. I use them regularly at work for their intended purpose, and I also use them at home to label stuff going into the freezer. They do stay on even when frozen, but are easiest to remove while still frozen. If they get wet before I try to remove the label, some adhesive has to be scrubbed off.I doubt Avery matters for the freezer application, but if you want a professional result for more traditional uses, Avery and name brand printer toner are a must.I've tried several different generic brands -- from all three big office retailers -- and the letters get smeared or flake off when applying the labels. Add generic toner, and the problem gets so bad that the printing becomes almost illegible. With generic toner these smear a little bit, but with the name brand toner (I've used these in both HPs and Canons), there's no problem. The generic labels might seem a lot cheaper, but these are well worth the extra dough.As far as True Block goes, well, I don't really care, but it does work. The labels have an opaque backing between the paper and adhesive, which doesn't allow anything below it to show through. I usually just remove the label if I'm going to re-use a file folder, because I'm just going to covering up the damaged area with another label anyway. True Block seems more useful for shipping applications than for file folders. I don't know whether or not Avery is selling these labels in a non-True Block form, but if so, it may be worth looking closely at price.
I am very satisfied with these labels.  They are easy to work with and look great.
As a teacher, you quickly learn how to recycle and reuse anything you can get your hands on.  This is a great way to reuse file folders.  With the True Block Technology, you can make a folder look practically new.  The labels underneath don't show through.  Of course you can use Avery's templates with this labels.  What could make it any greater?  They can be used on both Inkjet and Laser Printer.  How many times have you bought printer labels only to discover they aren't for your printer?  They even come with 2 Box Tops for Education.  Gotta love that!  Avery has done it.  The perfect label.  You are going to find a million uses for these File Folder Labels.
These worked very well for me. I was able to load them in my laserjet printer and and print a variety of labels to cover up older existing labels. The labels are thicker than normal and have a grey back to help make sure there is no show through. Over all a great and did the job.
Avery has accomplished exactly what they have claimed with their Ink Jet File Folder Labels. That which I am most pleased about with regard to this product is the fact that when one label is placed over another, the old label is entirely blocked out, permitting me to use and reuse my file folders. These labels may pay for themselves over time.
Great labels, they cover up everything underneath so if you are like me and reuse your folders, they will work wonderfully! Highly recommend!
These are excellent to cover old file names and reuse the folders again.  They have the tru block backing, so nothing shows through the label.  These will print well on most printers.
First let me say, these are AWESOME and I am so glad I had the opportunity to try them on a trial basis because I don't think I would have forked out the almost twenty bucks on something I wasn't sure about...but I would and will gladly fork it out now knowing they work as well as Avery claims, if not better.  There are 750 in the package...but with all the uses that won't take long to use up.**QUALITY**Labels are labels, right?  Nope!  These are high quality labels that really do cover up any writing underneath, even if it was written in a broad tip Sharpie.  This is accomplished because the labels have a gray backing where the adhesive is rather than just plain white single-layer paper like most labels.  They are also a heavier weight paper than your basic labels meaning no tearing!!  They adhesive is strong enough to stay put, yet releases smoothly if you wanted to remove it...without leaving behind any torn paper or yucky sticky goo...YAY for that because I am ALWAYS reusing file folders and renaming them.**PRINTING**I have printed these using Word and [...] version of Word...both print perfectly and line up perfectly without having to adjust the template's settings at all (I usually have to adjust them by 1/8th of an inch or so to line up perfectly)...but not with these!!  I have used them in my inkjet printer without any problems as well as my laser printer.  Usually my laser printer causes paper to curl due to the heat, but these don't do that.  I often print only a few lables at a time and reuse the sheet later with some of the labels removed....I have had other labels catch and get stuck in the printer when doing this, but not with these...smooooooooth sailing!The uses for these are endless...not just for file folders.  I use them to label my kids books & toys, totes that I use for storage items, little jars I store fresh ground spices in, and other personal items....they are great for writing on too, not just printing.  The packaging Avery sells their labels in works great for storing them because it keeps the labels from bending or getting the corners torn up, yet is super easy to take a new sheet out or put one away for future use...without taking up a bunch of space.  The label is the perfect height for the tabs on hanging file folders, but it a bit too long, so I just fold it over the back and it works perfectly.  My filing cabinet now shows my OCD nature and is freakishly neat & organized thanks to Avery!  My only gripe, and this is a rather pathetic one...I wish they came in colors to match my folders...I'd even settle on just plain manila.  Then my filing cabinet would be a true work of art!!
I was very impressed with this product, both in how the printing went and how well the "blocking" technology works at keeping labels located under this new label are blocked from being seen under it.The labels loaded and printed well - the blacking is substanial enough to keep the print job "straight" through without any creep to the left or the right.  The resulting labels were printed on track, without coming out cockeyed.
The Avery File Folder Labels are very nice and easy to use. Runs through my printer without any problems, no smudging, jamming or anything. I prefer these particular labels over most other brands for that reason alone.
I've purchased other 'no bleed-through' labels from office supply stores and found that they fall flat on their claims. When I heard these labels were suppose to stop bleed-through, I bought a pack of folders to go with it, figuring it wouldn't work as advertised and I'd end up tossing some old files. I was shocked when they actually covered up the DARK writing underneath. I often use a very thick, black marker for writing on some folders, and these labels didn't allow the original writing to bleed through at all. Very impressive.
If you are resusing old file folder these are the absolute best.  There is NO bleed through of whatever is written behind it, even if written in dark black sharpie.The labels have some sort of coating on the back that really does block everything out.You can quickly find a template in Word by typing in 8366 in the search box after you do "File" "New".When using these templates I always select the whole document and have the edges of the cells of the tables filled in so that I can tell where the edge of the label is while typing ( In Word 2007 this is under the Home tab in the Paragraph section, it looks like a little 4 square box with the bottom underlined).  Chose "All borders".  You can then go back and Chose "No borders" when done if you do not want the borders printed.
If you need a label where you don't want the background to show, then then these lables are for you.  Believe it or not, I use these labels for my home brew beer bottles.  With a clear label I can make a custom made label on my carefully crafted home brew that makes me look like a brewing professional.  No more white background on my beer bottles.  No sir - now my beer bottles look professional.  Kidding aside I love these clear labels and recommend them to those who wish to hide the background.
Use a template to easily print clear address labels.  These may smear if you touch them while they're wet, but that's true of paper labels, too, so it pays to be careful after they're done.  Very handy, attractive labels.
I love these clear labels; you can't even see them when they are affixed to an envelope or to anything else.  And they are for ink jet printers; therefore, I can run these through my printers, and instantly have address labels, or labels for boxes, or for whatever I need/want them for.These labels are awesome, and they make life so much easier.And, these labels are wonderful for cosmetic reasons.  They are clear.
I like that fact that these are clear.  When putting on a colored envelope they look super.
These labels are excellent -- 100% clear.PROS:--Sticky but easily removable--Labels are lightweight and thin--Labels look sleek/high qualityCONS:--Labels are a bit delicate--Price is highIf you are in need of clear labels, these are a great option!
There are no Avery templates for iPages, so if you have a Mac your out of luck unless you use MS Office.Seriously, does anybody really print out labels and stick them to envelopes anymore?  Don't all printers take envelopes these days?I guess if you need to print labels these are a lot better than white labels.  They stick well.
I love these clear labels- Avery is always top-notch. Printing on them is easy- Avery's site provides four ways that you can design and print the labels. I used the "Avery Design and Print Online"- no downloads required. You can also download the templates to use in Word or on other programs. Anyway, Avery online has lots of designs and it's simple to use, so all I had to do was type in my address and print the labels. They dry right away and the print did not smear at all. Highly recommended product!
I just finished using the Avery Easy Peel clear address labels for my daughter's birthday invitations. Not only were they easy to print, the labels can be removed easily. When on the envelope they practically disappear; they are truly clear. I highly recommend this product for anyone using address labels but want it to look like the type is right on the envelope. They are perfect!
The Avery easy peel labels are a great way to print out formal invitations.  The clear labels are wonderful for giving your envelopes the appearance of being stamped or printed on without the cost.  The software download allows you to easily print full sheets of labels from Microsoft Office products with a variety of fonts for a unique formal appearance.  In the past one of the big flaws with these labels was the difficulty of trying to peel them off of the sheet (especially when you have dozens of labels to peel!).  These new labels have an "easy peel" design which makes it much easier and faster to peel off the sheet.  Overall this a great product for anyone needing to mail a large quantity of letters or invitations.*** Positive Points: ***- Great results from a variety of inkjet printers (I used an Epson Artrisan 810 and HP inkjet printer)- New easy peel design really does work- Looks great on formal invitations or letters*** Negative Points: ***- None
Avery labels haven't let me down for all the years I've been using them.  Besides the obvious return labels, I've used them for labelling water pipes in the basement, birthday party gift bags, folders.  They stick well, print well, and are templates for various printing softwares (I've been a PrintShop user for a very long time, occasionally use Microsoft Word, and use Avery DesignPro5).  DH redid the pipes in the basement 10 years ago and figured it would be best to label them right off the bat, direction, hot or cold, where to, so I did some up in PrintShop.  They haven't fallen off, they haven't faded.  We also have a hub of cable wires that needed labelling, and Avery did that job as well.  Many uses for me, besides the obvious.
The labels are semi-transparent white on the sheet, but clear once adhered to the surface.  The dilemma I always have with these types of labels is that I just want to print one or a small handful, but the sheet has 30 and I don't want to waste the rest.  One reviewer had a good suggestion to tape a piece of paper over the labels that you don't want to use up.  I find that sometimes if I don't do this carefully it will jam the printer.  So another trick that I discovered is:1. Make a layout in the software for a small number of labels.2. Print onto a blank sheet of paper.3. Put the Avery labels over the printed test sheet, hold up to a strong light source, and see how it lines up.4. Make adjustments in the software for the alignment, repeat steps 2-4.5. Print to the Avery sheet.
I use these labels to do marketing campaigns for my small landscaping business, and I was so impressed with how crisp and clean they look. The clear color of the labels is great for "natural" envelopes that have those little threads in them, or colored envelopes or postcards, so you get an attractive look.Some clear labels look kind of yellowed to me, but these don't. They are as clear as I expect a sticky label can be. I am really not seeing any color to the label itself, though I am not sure I'd bother using a clear label on a bright white surface because if you had a piece of dust or something get stuck to a clear label it wouldn't look cute.These labels didn't smudge, and have an attractive matte surface that took ink well.The only stickers on the sheet are the labels themselves, so they are super easy to peel off, and you aren't left with any stupid little bits sticking to your fingers once you're nearly done using the sheet of labels. I really love that new design.The labels also went through my printer with no issue. I was worried that because they've eliminated that outer quarter inch of excess label and just left the labels themselves on the sheet, that the sheets might get stuck in my printer or not feed as well. To test how they fed, I loaded in a stack of labels instead of feeding them one at a time as I used to. I needn't have worried, my printer took up each sheet with no difficulty and no jamming and printed out beautiful address labels.I'm very happy with the quality here. They've really managed to eliminate everything I find annoying about printer labels. Everything about these is perfect.
These labels are made to be used on your printer with the Avery Template, and the results are spectacular! However, we find LOTS of other uses for them! I use black marker on the labels (labels do not mar, and easily peel off) to put on our kids dresser drawers so they cannot say they "don't know where it goes" when its time to pick up/clean up! (NEXT, we need to work on neatness INSIDE the drawers!) I also use them on canning jars and they stick great, were easy to read, and, again, they came off neatly (no GOO Gone needed!) One of my favorite uses is for items put in the fridge, or freezer! I NEVER remember WHAT that stuff IS in there, or WHEN it got put in there! And someone around here (everyone takes credit) thought of using them to put instructions on the laundry ("Medium Starch") and the dry cleaning ("firm creases") so no more EXCUSES - ANYONE can stop at the cleaners! These VERSATILE, economical labels are a real find!
Yes, gives a crisp, tight look to things like wedding invitations ... will STICK OUT from the rest of the average person's junk mail.
These clear 1x2-5/8 labels are perfect for doing formal invitations - weddings, reunions, aniversaries, etc - any application where you have a premade invitation and an address database where the outer envelope is colored and would look like junk mail with a white mailing label attached.The clear label allows the post office to scan the address reliably (provided its not a halloween party invite with black envelopes - zero contrast there!) and does not detract from the looks of the printed, often formal, invitations.Additionally they can be used for everyday use on business envelopes.  As usual, Avery provides templates for all of their products.The last use that we have for this label is making wire markers out of them - you print only on the right side, and rotate to print vertically the wire number.  The label is then wrapped around the wire and around itself with the printing being the last layer.  When dealing with complex designs on paper, this makes for a very supportable product since every termination is professionally labeled and matches the design schematics.
Seems we never have enough labels around here, between sending out invitations to one party or another or my new writer sending cards to family (I like to print out sheets of addresses she can easily put on an envelope by herself whens he has a letter ready to mail since she's only 6 and sometimes her writing can be a bit hard to read this way she can put one on and an envelope with a stamp and put it in the mail box herself, this has greatly increased her reading and writing by being penpals with all our out of state relatives). My daughter also loves to make her own stickers, when she was smaller the white labels worked fine but now that she's older she doesn't want everything to have a white rectangle around it and these clear labels are perfect, she can use colorful gel pens and draw her little images and then when she puts her "sticker" on something only her drawing shows! They print wonderfully in my canon printer and line up just perfectly. Great purchase!
These labels are perfect for any or multi-colored designs you want for identification, addressing or application add-ons.Easy to use, just great and clear backing is good for any solid color page application.  They are my favorite for multipurpose uses.
The Avery Easy Peel 1 x 2 5/8 Inch Clear Address Label 750 Count (8660) are fabulous labels which have given me no problems.  I've written on some with a Sharpie for quick labeling (save those extras if you don't print all on a sheet) and printed in both color and black with no smudging.  Love my Canon printers with genuine Canon ink.  The Avery website offers great designing hints and templates, particularly for those of us who use a Mac.  Microsoft Office also contains templates, but I really enjoy using Design Pro from the website.  These clear labels are really and truly clear when applied, and they are extremely easy to remove from the sheet.  I'll warn you, though, be careful if you are applying in a less than clean environment, as dust, dirt and animal hairs can be pressed onto your otherwise pristine document, destroying your otherwise favorable impression.  No need to have labels professionally printed with this product, you can do it yourself if you have the time.
Just tried out these labels on a mailing that I did. They work as advertised producing a clear, clean label that is easy to place and read. You can't go wrong with Avery labels.
For the past five years Avery's clear address labels have been my preferred label for all my address label needs.  I like them because they're clear and can be put on any color envelope and not stick out like a sore thumb.  Printing on these labels is a snap.  I've never had any issues with them not printing nicely or getting stuck in the printer.  The new easy peel feature is a nice addition.  By simply bending back a column of the sheet you can easily access the edge of all the labels in the column for easy peeling and application.These labels can be used for more than just mailing.  We've used them to label plastic containers and school projects.
Great labels.  They are a ease to load.  Print well and they stick even better.  The clear background gives your work the look of professionalism.  The price point is right.  All around perfect addition to any office.
I love using clear labels on things I like to look really nice. We used these on graduation invitations. I really like Avery labels, as I've never had a problem setting them up to print properly. The print comes out where it should on the label and they look very nice - especially when you can't see them - like with these clear labels.
A lot of clear labels still have problems with ink jet printers, jamming and smudges for example.  But these labels presented none of those challenges.  I'm especially pleased with the lack of smudging!Back in the day... my Dad used to use one of those old Dyno labelmakers to label all of his tools etc.  And I thought that was cute, but a little strange.  I guess that my grandkids will start feeling the same way about how I'm now labelling stuff with these.  ;-)
I think these labels are a very good all purpose label, not just for an inkjet printer, as you can use these by hand too.Not only to label file folders,or to label cd cases, but I would also use these for just about anything I want to label, like when I buy something in bulk and freeze it.  I always like to label what the item is, as well as when I froze it.These labels look white, but when you peel them off they are clear.  You can use either a pen or marker on them.The label size is ample, so you can write what you need to on it.  I have some labels just like this, but they are white.  I think I prefer these clear labels.I did find them alittle hard to see where one label ends, and another one begins.  I like that they come in a pack of 750.  I doubt I will have to buy anymore of this size label in my lifetime.Iam very happy with these labels.
I've used these to print a few sheets of return-address labels, and I really like them.Ease of peel: Almost perfect. They do come off easily, but not so easily I can bend the paper back and get 10 off at once. For single-label removing it's great. Tearing off the side leaves a tiny bit of each label free, enough for you to grab so you don't have to scrape off every label.Look: I love how they are translucent. The ink stands out nice and sharp, and the address seems more clear. It looks professional and pretty.Printing: (HP LaserJet) No problems. I was surprised at how crisp the ink was, and how there was no smudging right after it came off the printer. (I'm used to getting ink on my fingers.) Also, using the 'Mailing Labels' 'US Letter Small' presets printing from Address Book (on a Mac) the labels were all printed right (makes my life easier).Price: There are labels you can get for half the price. If you do a lot of printing these may not be economical. But if it's for rather infrequent use, I favor the performance and look of these labels over saving a few dollars.I recommend giving them a try.
I often buy colored envelopes because I think they look so nice when you get them in a stack of mostly white mail. But if you want to use labels, the white rectangles look so ugly. These are perfect! I find they don't stick quite as well as the white ones, but never had one come off and get returned.They don't really help with dark colored paper (including most reds) because the black ink doesn't stand out enough), but for pastels or off whites, they are beautiful.
This is the second type of "Easy Peel" label I've tried from Avery.  I'm now officially a fan.  The sheet of labels has three pre-scored "lines" where it folds.  Print your labels, fold along one of the lines, and the edges of ten of the labels are quickly exposed to make peeling super easy.  This might not make a difference if you are only printing a few labels, but it could be a nice time saver if you are doing a mass mailing.  It was particularly nice with these very thin clear labels.One other side note...These labels are for inkjet printers.  Be sure to get the type of labels that are designed for your printer (inkjet labels for inkjet printers, laser labels for laser printers).  In the past, I have made the mistake of using the wrong type of labels in a printer, and I believe that it caused some damage.  Don't make that mistake.  These Avery INKJET labels worked just great in my older HP 7760 inkjet printer.
So...my sister decided that she didn't want to hand address 200+ wedding invitations.  There clear labels worked well for the invitations and didn't look at office like.  They printed without jamming in both the manual and auto feed trays of my Canon inkjet printer.  The ink also didn't smear when you touched it immediately after printing, however it will smear if it gets wet but is still legible.  The easy peel feature was nice, but then again I've never had an issue peeling address labels off a sheet before, and I usually fold the normal sheets along the edge just like you are instructed to do with the easy peel sheets.
You know the feeling... after you get used to using a product for a long time...the manufacturer either discontinues it or takes a few shortcuts to cut costs and it just doesn't work like it used to??I get that feeling a lot.  BUT, not with Avery products.  It is one brand that I feel I can trust to deliver a quality product time after time.The clear labels were no exception.  They work great and look good.
Our town's energy committee recently had a project for which we needed about 250 peel-off labels.  Our plan was to distribute 250 CFL (compact fluorescent) light bulbs free at our town's community day (sort of like a street fair) in order to encourage people to use the bulbs to reduce electricity use.  CFL light bulbs can save about 75 percent on electricity over incandescent bulbs.  For the 250 bulbs, we calculated that for 8000 hours of use and an electric cost of $0.10/KWh the total savings vs. 100 watt incandescent bulbs for all the bulbs would be about $15,000.  There would also be a saving of 94 tons of carbon dioxide emission.Avery Address Labels were a good choice for adding a label indicating the savings for using the bulbs and our committee's name.  The question was how to get the information printed on the labels.  At the Avery web site, I found free software, DesignPro, which makes it possible to produce label designs for different label sizes.  I downloaded the software easily and got started on the designFor the labels, there were about a dozen pre-made templates for the different size labels.  I chose the template that matched my labels.  Using DesignPro was a little like using PowerPoint.  I was able to cut and paste a graphics image, add the appropriate text, and choose a font for the text.  A test run on my printer produced a beautiful matrix of labels.  The only problem was to find out which side of the label stock had to be up.  I can never remember.  After an up/down test, I had my sheets of labels printed in no time.Our community day give-away was a big success.  Our free light bulbs lasted about four hours.  We were able to peel the labels from the printed sheets easily. There was enough time to peel and apply the labels as we gave away the CFLs.  One surprise is that we had to have a sales pitch even for give-aways.  The other surprise was that many people had never seen CFLs before.  I am now a big fan of Avery labels, but I recommend getting the free software to make them work.
These clear labels can be used for a variety of projects, particularly in the Arts & Craftscategory. You can affix them to a bare wood surface, making sure to burnish the labelssecurely, then apply clear finish on top. I've found that they work very well for (of allthings) custom guitar work. It's relatively easy to create your own headstock logo design,and a few coats of clear finish will make them look almost as good as a decal. I have hadno problems with the ink reacting negatively with lacquer or poly finishes. The main pointis that you do not want to burnish the labels directly, as the ink will rub off. Acetateor some similar material should be placed on top before burnishing. I used a graphic artstype burnisher tool, but you could improvise to see what works best for you. Of course,this is only one idea, but the versatility of these Avery labels makes them a good buy.
This label is specified to ink-jets, but they work just fine on laser print too. Consistent die-cut quality keeps the sheet integrity together for multiple printer passes.
I always requested Avery labels at the office - they are extremely easy to print and apply.  I recently used these for a huge batch of cards and LOVE them.  We ordered ivory envelopes so we needed clear labels and these were perfect!  They are easy to print and the "easy peel" feature really makes applying them go much more quickly.  I'll definitely use these again for our holiday cards!
The Avery Easy Peel labels are really easy to work with.  My inkjet ink doesn't smudge and the labels are super easy to peel.  I highly recommend them.
I have had negative experiences with "generic" printable labels in the past...specifically, with the sheet getting stuck in my ink jet printer.  I have had no problems at all with these Avery labels. They go through the printer smoothly. The labels are easy to peel off the sheet as well.  I have also used these same labels in the white version, which work equally well.  However, for purely aesthetic reasons, I prefer the clear labels.If you go online to the Avery website, there is a free software download that allows you to customize the labels to your liking.
This size of address label has many uses.  Of course, they can be used for addresses on packages and envelopes, but also as identification labels.  I printed a sheet with my name, address and phone number to attach to things I take on vacation.  The print on my inkjet printer was clean and crisp, the ink dried quickly (no smudging), the labels indeed do peel easily and I like the translucent background that works with many surfaces.  Word 2010 had the format in its list of labels and each label was perfectly aligned.  You can also download free templates from Avery's web site.
The main reason I like these labels:  1.  Easy to use with my software programs.  2.  Print out perfect!  3.  Was able to put a clip art on them.  4.  Last reason but the best of all.  They peel off so very easy. I have to add that the Avery Labels have found so many uses from address labels,for file folders,  recipe headings, journaling, labeling totes and I'm sure I will find other places to use them.  I haven't found anything negative about these labels and usually I don't like using them because they are hard to peel off.
Avery always makes great labels and gives you the best templates and software to go with them, so it's no surprise that I'm very pleased with their clear easy-peel address labels. The healthy 1" x 2 5/8" size allows for plenty of font choices.I use tan parchment-colored envelopes for my business and slapping a white label on them gives a second-class mail look.  The clear labels impart a more professional appearance, and while I don't know it to be a fact, I think recipients are far more likely to pay attention.Finally, the easy peel feature prevents both frustration and inappropriate words in the office. Highly recommended.
I like these clear labels.  They print up easily and look great on all envelopes.  I am currently using them for business, but they would work well for personal items as well.  Especially invitations as they would make it elegant being that they are clear.  Easy to use, print is clear and dark.
I LOVE these labels.  The surface is a sort of matte texture, making them almost disappear when placed on an envelope.  Printing on an inkjet printer yields sharp and smearless results. They look a lot classier on an envelope than the standard white mailing labels.These are useful not only for mailing, but for labeling almost anything.  I will still use my label maker for stuff that gets a lot of abuse or get wet (like soccer balls and drink cups) but these are much more discrete for labeling other possessions.I keep a three ring binder filled with printed address labels stored in slash pocket folders with tabs (labeled with a sample label)for the addresses I use frequently.  However, when sending something nice like a birthday card I was never pleased with the way the white labelss looked.  These solve my problem.  I printed up a sheet for all my favorite addresses and stuck them in my binder for use on more formal mail.  I also printed up a sheet with "Fragile, do not bend" for when I mail photos.  Since they are clear it is easier to find a spot to put them without covering up addresses.I have avoided clear labels in the past due to problems with them jamming the printer, clumping up when you try to peel them and generally being difficult to work with in every way.  These labels are much, much better than the previous clear labels and simply work.
We bought these to use on our save-the-date cards and wedding invitations, and they worked out great. Just the right size for regular envelopes, and the look was exactly what we were going for.One suggestion - if you're not using the whole page of labels, and want to use the remaining labels later, take a piece of white paper, and tape it over the labels you are not using. The labels get darker every time you run them through the printer. It's hard to notice on the page, but once you affix them to the envelope, they can look a bit dirty.
I found these easy to use with my HP printer.  They dried pretty much instantly and I had no problems with smudging at all.  Once printed, the labels are simple to remove and did not tear.  These are a must have if you're wanting to put labels on colored envelopes or otherwise want a nicer finish than a colored or more visible label.  These work great!
We ordered this a while ago and have only really used it now that the holidays are in full gear.  This is very impressive tape.  It does exactly what it says it does.  It virtually disappears once you put it on wrapping paper.  After I wrapped some presents for my office party, I asked my two young sons to look for the tape.  They only found it by pressing down on the package and feeling for the tape edge.  Pretty impressive!  In addition to this, it is strong.  As with all scotch tape, once you put it down it really holds paper in place.  Overall, this is a very impressive product that does exactly what it was created to do.  Thus, five stars.
What can I say, it's Scotch tape.  I could certainly use the 3 rolls of tape as Christmas is quickly approaching.
This is my favorite type of tape.  It looks so "dainty" with the satin finish.  It is perfect for gift wrapping, such as it was intended.But you can use it for whatever you want.It looks so delicate and smooth.With the holidays coming up, this tape is perfect for wrapping.Looks aside, this tape does its job.  It is strong and durable.Highly recommended.
Life is too short to wrap gifts with "bargain" tape...Ok, perhaps that is going a bit far, but when I think about all the times I have struggled with tough, bargain brand tape when I am trying to wrap a gift, it makes me wonder what I was thinking.  Sure, if it is what you have at the time, then cheap tape can get the job done.But if you are anything like me, wrapping a gift nicely is enough of a struggle.  Dealing with tape that doesn't want to break when you cut it, tape that won't cut straight, tape that is slightly yellow, well, for me anyhow that is a frustration I am glad to do without during the holidays.  By the time I am done struggling with some off brand roll of tape, it certainly doesn't seem like a "bargain".I would not go so far as to say this tape is invisible, but the satiny finish somehow blends in just perfectly on the wrapping paper to where you almost can't see it.And with 3 rolls, it means no arguing for the tape roll when I am wrapping gifts with the kids.I would say that I was somewhat surprised at how little tape was on each roll. I am not sure if that was because I got it as promotional item,  but as I said having the 3 separate rolls comes in handy, especially if you have kids.Sure, kids will find something else to argue about, and you will find other problems to concern yourself with, but tape doesn't have to be one of them if you use Scotch brand gift tape. As I like to say - quality doesn't really cost, it pays.
What can you say about great tape? It sticks, it tears easily from the dispenser, and it disappears on the gift wrap, except on foil wrapping were you can still see it a little. I'd get it again for sure.
Does what it says. You can barely see this tape so any presents you wrap will look flawless. Now I'm going to confess that Scotch makes the best tape for everything. They also make packaging tape that is very easy to use.
I have 5 November birthdays and each of them got a few presents.  This Scotch tape is perfect.  It tears off nicely and when you put it on your packages, you can't even notice it's there.  Scotch is the only brand I ever got but they improved the quality of this tape by making it invisible.Also, the price on Amazon is great.  I highly recommend it if you are fussy with your packages like I am.
Scotch Giftwrap Tape may not be new, but if you've never tried it, now's the time! It is made with a special satin or semi-gloss finish that makes the tape virtually invisible on most giftwrap paper. Try it on a package and you'll be surprised at how it disappears. Scrapbookers might want to experiment with this tape as well. With all of the holiday gift wrapping near, you really need to get some of this tape - you will be rewarded with praise for your professional looking packages. Very highly recommended!
I probably wouldn't use this tape for gift wrapping after realizing -like many of the other reviewers- that there is not a whole lot of tape on each roll.  I'm not so concerned that my gifts look impeccabl, so I wouldn't pay more for this product for that use.  BUT, I had some beloved children's books that my kids have been rough on and pulled out the tape today to see how it faired compared to the regular tape that I normally use to tape up little tears and bends and this stuff is AWESOME!  It feels much thicker and more durable than regular tape and is nearly impossible to see. I pulled out one book that has lots of bad bends, some tears, and the binding is wearing off.  I taped every single little thing to see how it would look afterwards and to see how durable it felt.  I was completely impressed!  I seriously couldn't see where I had taped and it felt really strong. And the book looked and felt 100 times better than the books that I used regular tape on. It is also important to note that the tape feels really silky and soft and it it difficult to feel where the edges are.  I'm not sure how they did that, but I love it!  I will DEFINITELY keep some rolls on hand for book repairs because I think it would be worth the slightly additional cost for the vast improvement in look and durability.
After trying cheaper brands of tape, I always return to Scotch tape because of the quality. This is no different. Does what it is marketed for, not showing up on gift wrap. Like that it disappears because the package does look nicer without seeing the tape. Would like to see if it comes in 1/2 inch size. I find the 3/4 inch too wide.
While the glossy tape that I use at the office is good for keeping things together, it shows up very easily on gift wrap, being all shiny.  The matte or satin finsh on this is perfect for gifts..  doesnt attract or reflect light, so that you see the wrapping paper and not the tape. Very simple and it works.Con:  this type of tape is really for gift wrapping and isnt as attractive for normal everyday use, but it can be used as such.  Get both scotch gift tape and scotch regualr tape and you will have the right tape for the right occasion.
Ever since I was a little kid I have loved this Scotch glossy tape.  It's the only brand and variety of tape that I will buy.  It's a little unfortunate that they market this as "gift wrap tape" because while it is ideal for gift wrap (it literally disappears), it's also perfect for any other task requiring tape. On some surfaces the glossy-ness of the tape will stick out, I still prefer that glossy-ness to the dull-ness that you get by using regular tape.  I also find this stuff to be stickier and easier to work with (long pieces) than the regular Scotch 'matte' tape. Note that Amazon probably isn't your best bet for buying the stuff, as I often see it cheaper at local stores.
This stuff is fantastic.  If you love wrapping packages that have that "Ooh, how did you do that without the tape showing" look, be SURE to grab this stuff!  Been buying it for years and have used it as a professional wrapping staple since it was introduced.  Lasts forever, is a great 3/4" wide so it covers those larger package ends. Great quality, MADE IN THE USA!, highly, highly recommend!
We've only ever use Scotch tape at my house, it's the tape that holds up better in not ripping or tearing when you don't want it to. It's always been stronger in keeping this together than the cheaper brands. The Gift Wrap tape is excellent for wrapping any gifts as it boasts a certain amount invisibility. It doesn't completely disappear, of course, but it's less noticeable than other kinds of tape. The price for three roles is pretty cheap as well. I would definitely recommend this Scotch Gift Wrap for any holiday or birthday wrapping you need.
What, exactly, can you say about Scotch Tape...? It was intended for gift-wrapping, and it does it's job nicely. My Wife is a fanatical wrapper, and hates when you can see the tape on the wrapped presents, and the Scotch Gift Wrap Tape passed her highly critical eye with flying colorsThanks for making my Holiday season a little bit easier, Scotch.  ;)
I normally just use regular tape to seal wrapping paper and thought it looked fine.  Well, after using this gift wrapping finish tape, I don't think I will be going back to standard tape.  The wrapping paper no longer shows the tape as easily and it just looks more "professionally" wrapped.  It just makes the gift look more pleasing.  It's amazing what a visual difference it makes.I highly recommend this product.
You can NOT go wrong with scotch tape. It's a classic. This definitely came in handy on Black Friday when I sat down after shopping and wrapped all my gifts. My fiance was so outdone when he came home and saw gifts already wrapped! :) lol
I have routinely spent a lot of money on nice, colorful gift wrap and then, when I get the gift wrapped all that seems to stand out is the tape that is used to seal the package.  This gift wrap tape actually becomes invisable on the package and lets your gift wrap show through.  It doesn't cost much more to make your gift wrapping look really professional.  I used this tape on both a solid blue colored wrap and a mulit-colored paper and it worked great on both.  It was also invisable where I used the tape to attach the little envelope with the gift tag and note,  I recommend this tape and will probably end up using it for more than just gift wrapping.. it's a very nice tape for everyday use as well.
We use Scotch Gift wrap tape for all our wrapping of presents.  It is a superior product in every way.
Most commercial gift wrap has a sheen as we all know.  We, a long time ago, used regular Scotch tape, the one in the red roller that we all grew up with.  It was always very visable because of the shine on the tape.  Mending a torn page in a book would always be very obvious and after time it would yellow a bit.  Then came the green lable---major improvment.  It had a non-gloss surface that really works well for mending torn book pages etc.  However it was still noticable on gift wrap as the paper had more sheen than the tape----and now, we have a solution to this heart wrenching problem.  Seriously, Scotch GiftWrap is a noticable improvment, it is as close to invisable as one could get as the sheen is about the same as the paper!  You get the tape stuck in the wrong place and try to remove it, you have a mess.  With this product, you just can't spot the goof up! (If you every saw my gift-wrap ability, you would understand why I like it so much). It really is a good quality product and does what it claims so I think the four stars are earned!
I'm not real sure what I'm supposed to say about this stuff in a review. I mean, is there anybody in the United States who isn't familiar with Scotch tape? It's the grand daddy of all cellophane tapes, and this gift wrap tape just adds a couple features that make Scotch tape better and better. First, it's a handy three pack, just in time for Christmas and assuring even the biggest of gift givers enough tape to wrap everything. Then, there's the satin finish, which becomes darn near invisible on patterned paper, and pretty close to that on everything else. Finally, it sticks. This is a great product, and I don't see how I couldn't give it five stars.
Works great - Easy tear - Can not notice it on Christmas packages - Comfortable dispenser and highly affordable! What more can ya want in tape??
Sure, regular clear tape works fine for gift-wrapping, but if you want your gifts to look like they're professionally wrapped with a tape that blends into the wrapping paper so well you almost don't know it's there, this is the tape for you. The best thing about this tape is that you virtually don't see it on most gift wrapping paper. The satin finish isn't too shiny or mattte. It holds very well and the three pack is a convenient size. Now that I've used this tape, I just can't go back to the old tape I used to use.A quick tip: If you press down and smooth the tape with your fingers after it's on the gift, the tape blends in with the wrapping paper even more and looks like it almost disappears.Great product!
I've never had an issue with the way normal tape looks when wrapping presents, but this tape does really disappear and it looks good.  You can still see the tape of course but it's much less visible than normal tape.If you wrap a lot of presents or are a Martha Stewart-type perfectionist, you might want to consider this tape.  The other 99% of us can just use normal tape! :)
Sounds like a miniscule item to be concerned about, but this is great tape.  It makes your packages look so much better and is a dream to use. Doesn't get stuck where you don't want it and virtually disappears on paper.
It's tape. How different can tape be ? Well very, with the Scotch people ! The gift wrap tape sealed all the package to the point where many receivers could not locate what was holding their presents together. I , for one , enjoyed the frustration on their faces trying to open their gifts. Merry Christmas !
I recently testedScotch Magic(TM) Tape 3105, 3/4-inch x 300 Inches, 3-Packagainst Scotch's(R) Satin Finish Gift-wrap tape.  Both were both 3/4 inches wide.You can't go wrong with either of these products!  They both came in the very familiar and proven dispensers - nothing fancy, and they just work well.I was surprised to see that the Matte Finish product was actually more invisible than the Satin Finish Gift-wrap product - but unless you saw them side by side, you'd never know.The Satin Finish Gift Wrap Tape did allow me to easily remove or reposition the tape.  Either way, find the best price, keep it simple, and use either of these tape products - you will not be disappointed!
You are a person who cares about details.  The normalScotch Magic(TM) Tapeis fine for the hoi polloi.  "Invisible tape" they call it, the deluded fools.  But you can see its flaws, how it holds an air bubble, how it calls attention to itself with an ugly matte finish that makes anything below it look slightly washed out, faded like a painting left too long in a sunny room.You are a person who notices details.  When you are wrapping a gift -- with wrapping paper that folds just so, without little crinkles -- when you are wrapping a gift you want the smooth lover's touch of satin against your fingers, a shiny surface that light will caress into a soft shine.  It calls attention to itself only when the light walks ups to it, makes a graceful bow, and asks it to dance.You are a person who pays attention to details.  You like that this tape is determined "Photo Safe" according to the rigorous ISO Standard 14523.  You won't be seeing your fingerprints outlined in dirt and grease, trapped like some ancient insect in amber.  Yes, you might be frustrated that the dispenser leaves tiny lines where the tape meets the ledge with the jagged teeth and where it pulls out and away from the tight, perfect coil which 3M has so brilliantly engineered.  But you'll figure out this can be managed with skillful snips from a sharp set of scissors.The details are important to you.  Is it Scotch GiftWrap Tape or Scotch Giftwrap Tape?  The packaging says both.  Perhaps 3M should hire you to proofread the names of their products, you think to yourself, with a congratulatory inner voice.  You wouldn't let a detail like that slip by.
I've been using Scotch Gift Wrap Tape for years and there is nothing better. Cheaper tape can be fine for general purpose taping (although I still prefer 3M products), but for gift-wrapping, quality is a must. This tape dispenses evenly and easily, cuts cleanly, applies easily, and is truly nearly invisible once applied. The tape holds well as long as stress is lateral to the tape. When the stress is perpendicular to the tape, it sometimes lifts. This is rarely the case when gift-wrapping. I think it is slightly less tacky than general-purpose tape. Sometimes you can lift it off if you make a mistake, but gift-wrap paper tends to be unforgiving. Because it is nearly invisible when applied, it is often best to cut the seam and leave the tape on the paper if you make a mistake. It is not noticeable. There is not must else to say about tape.
I know, it's tape.  Scotch tape to be precise.  But that is what sets this tape apart from the competition.  Over the years, I've had consistently better results with all forms of Scotch adhesive products.  The difference is so noticeable that I buy Scotch tape products exclusively, regardless of price.  And speaking of price, this is a very good price for a three pack of Scotch tape!Scotch tape:* sticks better* cuts better* tends to bend more naturally* doesn't seem to yellow/discolor as muchThis "gift tape" has a matte finish that hides finger prints and largely disappears on your gifts.  If you're looking for a matte-finish tape, I'd definitely start here.
I have always liked Scotch brand products and this one is no different. I like that you get three rolls of this tape because if you are like me one is never enough when wrapping gifts. I love that the dispenser is easy to use. The tape comes off the roll very easily which is a huge plus in my opinion. I also love that the gift wrap tape is clear when you place in onto the wrapping paper. It makes the gifts a lot more appealing considering that you don't have to look at tape "lines". In my opinion the Scotch Gift Wrap Tape is the best tape for wrapping gifts this holiday season.If you want a tape that is easy to use and looks great on your gifts look no further than Scotch Gift Wrap Tape. I do not think that you will be disappointed.
I always buy Scotch brand tape for use in my home (no idea what stuff they buy at the office - ugh), and this Gift Wrap tape is what I purchase by by the box load for all use year!The satin finish melts into giftwrap, and gives an especially nice finish to my packages. 3/4" is a good width for sealing giftwrap edges.  The finish looks good on matte or shiny paper, and holds well.  I usually take the roll out and put it in a weighted tape dispenser, so I can't comment on the roll dispenser it comes with.Scotch is my go-to brand for household and packaging tapes, and this is one of the styles I buy plenty of in the fall for all year use - Christmas, then birthdays, Mother and Father's Days, etc.  Another winner from the folks who do "sticky" right.
Scotch brand of tape is an oldie but goody, and its gift wrap tape is no different. The clear tape all but disappears on wrapping paper. It's strong and gets the job done. Highly recommend.
Love the gift wrap tape!  One of my favorite activities in the world is wrapping gifts.  I don't know why.  I just love matching bows and ribbons with the paper!  The great part about special gift wrap tape is that it is designed specifically to be invisible against wrapping paper--not only is it transparent, but the ends blend into the paper.  To this end, the Scotch Gift Wrap tape almost always succeeds.  The only time it doesn't, however, is when you have shiny or textured wrapping paper--which I occasionally use.  But you can't win them all.  Oh, and as far as using cheapie off-brands...Well, there's always some items when you should always buy name brand:  aluminum foil, saran wrap, toilet paper, AND duct or adhesive tape.  That's just my honest opinion.
It's really great tape.  It disappears onto semi-glossy to glossy gift wrap paper, but it's got a slight sheen that will catch light on school projects.  If you want tape that completely disappears on matte surfaces, go for the magic tape instead of this one.
In a way, I feel a bit silly reviewing tape, especially one that have been out for a very long time, which I has used fairly often, though not in a few years until I just got it about a month ago, but it feels odd, but regardless people need to know the truth about this tape!!!In all seriousness, this tape, as are most 3MM products, wonderful.  It works as intended and sticks to the wrapping paper and has a slightly matte finish, but not the same kind of "white" matte finish that the tape Scotch tape in the green package comes in, its almost a clear matte finish, and this is really the point of the tape.  If you use the shiny finish, or a packaging tape, its too shiny and shows up too much on the paper because of its shine, and if you use the normal matte finish to tape the gift wrap, it will be just as obvious because it makes that area a lighter color, but this tape, does about as well as you can expect a tape of its kind to do, it sticks and its not screaming "LOOK AT ME" on the gift wrap because its too shiny or too matte, it has a good balance and thus is a good tape for gift wrapping, I suppose you could use staples or double sided tape (I have done both), but you know, sometimes, just good ol' tape works best.  :DGod Bless ~Amy
I used this tape over the holidays for all my gift wrapping, and was very pleased with how it performed.First, it really does disappear on most gift wraps -- only on the shiniest foil wrap was I able to see the tape.  It has a subtle satin finish that just blends easily with ... well .. almost everything.  Second, it holds VERY securely.  If you're used to lesser tapes that let you carefully peel and reposition a flap, you'll soon find that this tape behaves differently.  Make sure you have things just where you want them before you stick down the tape.I would consider this a definite "step up" from my old stand-by, Scotch Magic Tape.  Definitely outperforms it by a long shot.
Scotch tape works just as it should and the 3-pack is a good deal especially for all the wrapping that needs done in the Christmas season. :)
Love this tape. It definitely disappears when wrapping two sheets of paper which makes it great for professional looking wrapped packages! I would call this a re-purchase!
I've tried several ways to hide tape while wrapping packages, to include making those little tape loops, using double-sided tape, and "frosty on the roll, invisible on the job" tape. This tape really does a great job and hardly shows at all. The dispensers aren't really different from others; it's the tape itself that makes it different. It's priced right and is here just in time for the gift-wrapping season.
For comparison purposes, I posted a photograph comparing Scotch Gift Wrap Tape, their cellophane tape (shiny) and their Magic Tape.  The photo contains a sample of the three styles of tape applied to three different styles of gift wrap -- red foil, brown packing paper (for those wrapping with a less processed product,) and a patterned (non-foil) gift wrap.Perhaps not surprising, the shiny Scotch tape looks best on the foil but the Gift Wrap tape is a better choice for both the brown packing paper and patterned non-foil gift wrap. The Magic Tape had the most unattractive appearance on all three products.The Gift Wrap tape is very sturdy, so sturdy that sometimes it is reluctant to tear across the serrated edge of the plastic dispenser. Rolls inserted into a weighted dispenser would resolve that issue. That issue aside, I will definitely be buying more of this tape and using it for wrapping on all but foil paper, where I will continue to use the shiny tape.
Scotch Gift Wrap Tape is the one and only tape to use on gift wrapping.  The tape is smooth, disappears almost completely and keeps hold very well.  At some angles, of course, the light will reflect and make the tape visible, but generally speaking this is the preferred tape.  The smoothness of the tape cuts down on glare and reflections.  It's certainly great for other applications as well, but cannot be beaten for sealing up your next gift.
We used this tape when wrapping Christmas gifts this year and I was really impressed with it.  On the foil wraps it showed a little, but any type of type shows up well on foil wrap.  On regular decorated wrap it blended so well you could hardly see it.  Would definitely buy it again.
Now, I have used this Scotch tape before but I don't know if they have changed it or what - This tape is STICKY! Almost too sticky, if possible. I have started wrapping Christmas presents already and while doing so with this tape, there were several times where the tape would kind of get wrapped around my fingertip/fingernail or otherwise stuck to my fingernail and it was kind of a challenge to get it off. It posed a little difficulty in wrapping, but on the other hand, it is a good quality to have in a tape obviously. It blends in pretty well with the wrapping paper, but isn't as transparent as others I have used. All in all I do give it 5 stars because it is heavy tape..a little thicker than I remebered from previous use and of course it is very sticky which means it will hold whatever you need to stick together or tape down. I actually used a whole roll of this on packaging up small boxes for shipping as well as bubble mailers. Good stuff!
I have always HATED "invisible" tape -- I find that it tears apart too easily when you're trying to get it off the roll.  But transparent tape doesn't always look good on wrapping paper...This is the first time that I've tried "gift wrap tape," and I LOVE it!  Looks great, but without the annoying tearing issues of invisible tape.  It is now a staple in my wrapping paper drawer!The only thing I'd change is...put more on each roll!  :-)
It works just like all other tape products from Scotch.....wonderfully. It's tape. What'd you expect?!?
"Invisible" is pretty typical of tape marketing, and I think consumers have come to expect some degree of transparency from tape, but we're still far from the disappearing act suggested by Scotch and other tape brands.  That being said, this tape comes as close as I think we can reasonably expect.  It's specifically intended for gift wrap, and the "satin" finish matches very closely to the finish on most of my wrapping papers, making it much less jarring and obvious when the present is all taped up and ready to go.  As most Scotch brand tapes are, this tape is very sturdy and doesn't tear vertically like some of the cheaper tapes.  It feels thick and it's very satisfying to use.The only thing I don't really like about the tape is the dispenser.  It's a standard size, but it feels too small for the thickness of the tape and it was very easy to accidentally pop the tape roll out of the roller.  It was also easy to get back in, but I'm not going to refill this dispenser so I'd prefer if the roll stayed put.All in all a good, dependable product and a welcome addition to the present-wrapping box.
This is the tape I use for all my giftwrapping.  It has a matte sheen to it, which means it blends in very well against wrapping paper.  "Traditional" scotch tape has a shine to it, and I've always thought that was just a little unattractive.  When you hand a present to someone, particularly one you've taken time to wrap with nice paper, bow, etc...do you really want the light catching your tape and drawing all attention to that.  This gift wrap tape avoids that problem.Also, over the years, I've tried various "generic" tape...and it all has been uniformly bad.  This is one area where I no longer skimp.  At Christmas time, I want tape that looks good, is easy to tear off the roll (why is Scotch the only company that makes dispensers that actually tear off the tape on the little teeth in front of the dispenser, rather than grabbing and pulling and mangling it?), and if I loose the end and it reattaches to the roll, it is very easy to get it started again.Tape is a little thing...but if you wrap a lot of presents, as I do during the holidays...it is indispensible.  A modest product, but one that delivers near perfection for the task you need it to do.(PS:  In my opinion, because it costs a little more than conventional scotch tape, it is not really best for business purposes.  I really only use this for wrapping, and I save the shiny stuff for more everyday, mundane uses.)
What can one write about tape?  On the surface tape has one quality that we care about the most -- does it stick?  You can then elaborate on that by asking a series of other questions such as how hard is it to remove?  Does it leave any marks on the surface?  Is it clear or does it show?  What material will it stick to?  Etc, etc.For the purposes of this tape the question is -- does it wrap gifts up, keep them wrapped and not show or at least is barely visible?  After all, who wants to give someone a gift that looks like its being held together with duct tape?The good news is for both questions the answer turns out to be YES!  Yes, it does keep the wrapping paper where it belongs -- on the gift.  Yes, it doesn't show -- or at least it fades into the background on most packaging paper.What can I say?  I'm stuck on this product, and that is a good thing.
I was happy to review  Scotch Gift Wrap Tape considering the time of year.  Yes, I already have Christmas presents that needed wrapping, so I was set to go.  The tape was easily dispensed; I had no trouble getting whatever size I needed. It went on easily and did not leave that 'tape look' on the wrapping paper. It definitely disappeared nicely.  There was not a lot of tape on each roll so you may want to save this tape for special presents. It might not be appreciated used on a child's present since they rarely take the time to notice the beauty of the wrap. However, for a present that you want to wrap special, this is the tape to use. The product did what it said it would, and really that is what is important.
Once I tried this brand tape I have never bought anything but this kind since! I love how it goes on with a silky completely non-glare finish. The tape is strong and It doesn't seem to curl up on itself as much as other kinds do. It holds extremely well and in my opinion looks so much nicer than the shiney tape does. I really think if you try it you'll be hooked-or rather, stuck on it!
Its holds wrapping paper in place extremely well.  It is very transparent, but no shiny.  Once one tapes a seam or something else, the tape can be carefully lifted and repositioned without difficulty.  Wrapping presents? Crafting? This is your tape.  Those folks at Scotch know their tape.
The Scotch Gift Wrap Tape lives up to its claim of being super sticky and transparent, and is a great option to use as a tape for wrapping gifts.  The tape has the standard Scotch easy start tab at the beginning of the roll, so it is easy to get the tape started.  And the tape blends beautifully with the gift wrap or any type of paper you are taping.  It is very hard to see the tape on the paper--a great feature if you don't want regular translucent tape on showing on your package.  And the tape is super sticky.  In fact, once the tape is on the wrap, do not try to reposition it--it will tear the wrap--so make sure you have it where you want it when you put it in place.  A great tape for any type of sealing, but especially good on gift wrap, school projects, or any other projects where you do not want to see tape seams.  Oh, and it is made in the USA for anyone looking for domestically made products.  Highly recommended!
Not much to be said, other than it's nice good tape...  The flat finish is unobtrusive on wrapping papers, and the 3/4 inch width is generous enough to cover misalignments when wrestling with paper edges.  I do not, however, see much difference between this Scotch tape, and the traditional Scotch "magic" tape in the green package.
It is difficult for me to get too excited about gift wrapping tape--probably because my wife does all the gift wrapping (unlike me, she is really good at it), and also because when I get a wrapped gift the last thing I look at it is to see what kind of tape was used. However, if you are looking for unobtrusive tape that is easy to use, then this product does work. Not much more to really say about it.
My standards weren't too high on this order. I wanted a role of tape, sticky on one side, smooth on the other. It is delightfully transparent. Apparently, it's ideal for gift wrapping, but inasmuch as wrapping paper and I are sworn enemies, I doubt the quality of my tape will be the first thought in my family's heads. If you like tape, you'll find this entirely sufficient!
Scotch gift wrapping tape is wonderful. It's 3/4 of an inch wide, and goes on clear so you really can barely see it on the wrapping paper. Three rolls of tape goes a long ways. We used it for a recent birthday present and it looked great. Now I am on with the gift wrapping for the holidays. Thanks for the free samples. I love this tape!
Scotch tape is one of my brand preference items.  The tape adheres well, is virtually invisible and is easy to use.  Great tape for most any paper related job.
When it comes to tape, there's nothing else like the Scotch-brand. Unlike other less-familiar brands, Scotch is dependable. This 3-pack of GiftWrap tape provides what Scotch-brand users have come to depend upon - a dispenser that dispenses a tape with a satin finish that will virtually disappear when you use it on most gift wrap. It dispenses easily, tears off without a hitch, and sticks securely, no questions asked. You don't have to worry about whether it's going to stick or not. This 3/4 inch 3-roll pack is perfect to have on-hand for Christmas.
This tape does exactly what it claims to do... your presents will look impressive... with no signs of the tape. I would definitely buy this again.
Yes, this tape does look great when wrapping presents. Yes, it disappears on gift wrapped surfaces. But that's not all. I use it for my "everyday" tape as well - great for small repairs when you need the tape to not leave a strange matte spot on the surface like "regular" tape. Did your kids rip yet ANOTHER page in their storybook? Scotch BiftWrap tape. Did you forget to put something in that pretty mailing envelope? Carefully unseal it, and then...Scotch GiftWrap tape. Crafts, scrapbooking, kids' projects? Scotch GiftWrap tape. I only wish that more tape came on the rolls.
Tape is a modern convenience we take for granted. When wrapping gifts, though, there's nothing more frustrating than not having decent tape on-hand. This tape works well for wrapping gifts -- it's primary purpose. It also can be used for other things, as well.The tape out-of-the-package has a good tab-leader to get you started. The holder is entirely plastic, including the blade, so it'll be difficult to injure yourself cutting the tape. The cutter cuts cleanly-enough for wrapping gifts. The edges of the tape will have a "tooth" pattern, but they apply smoothly to paper and aren't noticeable at all.This is the "satin finish" tape that disappears almost entirely when applied. If you gently apply it to paper or giftwrap, it will have a slightly-opaque appearance. If, however, you rub against it with your finger or fingernail and apply significant pressure, it will virtually disappear against the paper. This makes gift-wrapping and other projects very neat in appearance.The tape removes somewhat easily, depending on the paper surface. It will remove from glossy surfaces without lifting the ink, but when it comes to gift-wrap, it will remove the top layer of most papers. If you press firmly, it's even more difficult to remove.The roll of tape is 300 inches in length -- that's 25 feet. That might seem like a lot, but most people will need more for extensive holiday wrapping. Keep the length in mind.Recommended for gift-wrapping and general purpose projects.
I dislike wrapping Christmas gifts.  I am horrible at it and if the present doesn't come out with a big ball of paper around it, then it is a major triumph of my soul.  This tape is thick enough to help me calm my wrapping paper beast.  And it holds down velvet ribbon when I don't have enough of it to go all the way around the box and have to tape it piecemeal around the bottom.  It's invisible and matte, so it makes my oddball wrapping look put together.  A wonderful thing.  Five stars.
For gift wrapping & other instances where you'd like tape to not be so visible, this stuff is great!  I've actually used it on wooden picture frames & wooden press board furniture that had dents in it to just help maintain integrity.  There's probably a better fix, but it works for me.  Scotch knows how to make tape & this tape is no exception.
This tape has a nice finish on it. It feels nice to the touch. I wouldn't keep it around for fixing things, as it isn't the strongest adhesive, but it is nicer than less expensive tapes when you use it on gifts. In other words, it's perfectly suitable for its intended purpose.
The scotch gift wrap tape works very well. It sticks to the wrapping paper nicely and it's super easy to get off the roll. It rips cleanly and easily. It has the easy start tab on it which makes getting the roll started a bit easier than some rolls of tape. I really don't know what else to say about it....it's tape, it sticks and does what it is supposed to do.
This is 200 sheets of wide rules filler paper,  It has three holes punched for your binder.  The lines don't fade or smudge as some lesser filler papers are prone to do.  It is crisp, clean, white, smudgeproof, and looks and performs like the best papers in the world, at a reasonable price.  I like to get 200 sheets in a package as this is a generous size but not so much that I have to store a lot of excess paper on a shelf where it can get dusty.  Mead makes great office supplies from the ones I've been seeing lately.
This is paper.  It is made from trees which are turned to pulp and then turned into this nice, wide lined, not scratchy smooth paper.  I'm a bigger fan of narrow ruled paper.  My kid likes college ruled paper, but the wide lines are better for those who have to write a one page, hand written report when they don't have a lot to say.
Great quick delivery.  Mead 200 filler paper for all your school needs and other paper needs.  Paper is strong and easy to work with. Recommended product.
Mead knows paper. This paper is perfect for school kids. Nice color and the lines are perfect. Fit nicely in a binder.
This is standard wide ruled binder paper. It is heavy duty enough to be taken in and out of my binder. The wide rules make for easy note taking and organization. The white color is clean, but not too bright. This is fine for use in my new binder.
This is wide ruled paper and is easier for grades 1-3 to form their words on.There are 200 sheets of paper in a pack with drilled holes and fit perfectly in a 1 inch binder.
I've been using Mead notebook paper since I was a kid in school. It's a really good standby.Nowadays I really like to use it as stationery. I cut off the red lines, and then cut down by about five lines from the top to get a good-sized lined piece of paper that can be jazzed up with rubber stamps. Additionally, I also use it a backing paper with nice stationery, so that I don't use more than one sheet of nice stationery for a letter--I use the nice piece as the first page, and these cut to size for other sheets. Either way, it helps save money while creating lined stationery. (Yes, I'm someone who still writes letters!)Whichever use you're getting it for--stationery or school--this basic pack is a generous size with 200 sheets.
I got this looking for a simple copy holder...I was easily deceived by the picture thinking it would be much less than it is!  It has a large footprint and it's got a significant weight to it...it really will hold up to 300 sheets!  I do find that for some reason, the little elastic cord that runs across it to hold your paper against the back seems to pop off when not in use, so if you move it around frequently to make room for other things (as I mentioned, it's rather large), you run the risk of losing that cord.
I got this product for my wife who was complaining about losing her place in cookbooks while working.  It has worked great!  She is able to put her largest cookbooks, or 3-ring binders, or loose sheets on this holder, and with the elastic strap she never loses her spot.  The holder hasn't tipped over, with heavy books.  Keeping the books upright also makes following the recipes easier.  It does take up some space, but fits above our cabinets, but it could be a concern for some.
On paper this copy holder is a great idea, and with the 3M brand you know it is a quality product. This copy holder helps you keep a book in a slanted upright position so that you can refer to it easily. Thanks to the extra heavy base, it can really be any book, including a dictionary. The elastic band keeps the book open and can serve as a line guide. So what's not to like?It turns out that in everyday use, I start to grow tired of it. First it is the size. 18 inch is REALLY big, which is great if you need to hold a book open or have two sheets of letter-sized paper side-by-side. But when the holder is empty, it's really quite noticeable if left in front of the monitor. Fine, I will remove it when empty. But the base is heavy, and the holder is not easily collapsible. (Both of these are in fact PROS in my mind.)There are a CONS. The elastic band that holds the book open is not easily adjustable if you only want to use one hand. It also seems that this elastic band is the weakest component and will surely break the earliest. But it's hard to tell how long it will hold.Overall, I would say that this is great if you need an industrial grade copy holder on a regular basis, with regular being the keyword here.
While not being familiar with the rest of the market, I am impressed by this product.  It is like the metal book holders which I have used before, the ones that keep the pages open.  But it works with documents.  For a researcher, this is a helpful tool in order to type commentary at the computer while retaining the documents vertically.  Set up is simple.  The only problem is that the string keeping the documents in place sometimes is liable to come loose.  Other than that, I really like it.
I chose 3M's 18 inch wide copy holder because I generally spend at least a couple of hours a day doing research, gathering notes either from books or online sources.  If it's online, I usually print out the info and highlight the bits I need.  With the copy holder, I just slip the marked-up pages behind the elastic cord that keeps everything in place and type away.  Sure, this holder is overkill for that, but even if that's all I did, I'd still want it: I forgot what it was like not having a cat constantly trying to sit on a flat piece of paper.But it isn't just that. The holder holds books - several small open ones at once if I need it. It's also easy to turn the pages as I complete my transcriptions.And finally, I'm going to be working on new editions of several of my novels and the only way to work on a manuscript - to make changes that are more than grammatical fixes - is to work off a printed-out manuscript.  I expect I'll be ready to worship the copy holder once I get into that phase of work.The copy holder is designed to sit between keyboard and monitor, but I only use a laptop.  I also prefer to do most of my writing on a huge tall coffee table in my living room, so I simply set the big, heavy copy holder up there.  It works great next to the computer, or even slightly behind it.We've found the holder is also great for holding recipes in the kitchen and it now doubles as a heavy-duty music stand on my piano. It's great! No more falling music books!Overall, this isn't a very portable copy holder and it takes up a lot of space, though the clear Lucite keeps it from looking as bulky as it is.  For me, it's worth every inch it eats - and since it's clear, it doesn't look as bulky as it is.  I love it!
...permitting some automation to overcome the drudgery of addressing cards.I keep a master address list (using Microsoft Access) and using the Access &#34;Labels&#34; functions to print directly to these labels.We typically send around 120 cards. If addressing each by hand takes a minute, then this returns more than two hours of  time during the press of the holidays.What's not to like about that?
I've used a lot of these labels by different brands.  The generic ones seem to have thinner paper, and lack the nice easy peel edge these have.  Two brand-name labels are my favorite, and these are one of them.  The price either way is the same, and buying in the big box saves money if you use many of these.Like:- Quality paper; adhesive stays to paper, not backing.- Easy peel edge.  Tried some without this feature, and really missed it.  We use these many at a time so any time saver is huge.- Value.  3000 labels makes them near a penny each.
I love labels, or anything that makes life easier.  I am very organized, both at work and at home.  Labels make things so much more convenient and quicker.I love these labels.  They don't necessarily have to be used with a printer - they can be written on.  And the reason I say this, is because these labels are for Laser Printers, and I have ink jet printers.  Therefore, I can still use these, because I can write on them rather than running them through the printer.There are a variety of uses for labels.  In addition to addresses, files, and other office reasons, they can be used for jars, boxes, etc.Awesome product.
I like Avery poducts.  These are no exception.  High quality and perform as expected.  It should be obvious from the size, but these are not the biggest labels.  If you are going to be printing out a lot of labels in bigger font, like say for wedding invitations, then I would choose a bigger label.  I'm not comfortable with inkjet generated labels since they are susceptible to water dissolving the ink... for important letters, I like to stick with laser printed ones (or use ballpoint pen).
I love the Avery line of products and have been using for years. I juts ran out of a competitors labels and ordered these Avery labels. I can now see that the quality of the imprinting is much better on the Avery than with the proviso product and I noted I only saved a few cents difference between the two. I have gone back to the Avery labels. They are crisp, pull from their backing easily and stick to the envelopes.The only thing that is not user friendly is some of the templates that Avery has on line. They are time consuming and frankly I would rather find an alternative software as they are too hard to manipulate.
These are the standard size/weight address labels. There's really not any way to make these exciting, but then again, do you really want excitement from an address label? These are exactly what you expect, and I have to say I really do prefer the name brand labels to the office store brands. They just seem to feed & stick more reliably.These feed easily in both the drawer and tray of my laser printer, peel cleanly (the non-label backing is already off the waxy paper, so removing them from the backing is super easy.I also really like that the label/template number is printed right on the label so you don't have to hunt down the package to generate the appropriate template. Finally, I like the box. It's sturdy corrugated with a flip-top lid so the lid won't go astray and the labels stay in the box, even if it's sideways on as shelf.Mine came with a sample of note tabs, a nice extra bonus.
You just about can't beat Avery for quality labels.  Templates for their labels easily available on their website, although I was a little annoyed that they required a name and e-mail address in order to download the template, even though they promised not to share the information.  The acid test for any labels is whether or not they are going to peel off inside your printer, jamming and/or causing damage.  Avery obviously knows adhesives well because these are firmly enough affixed to the backing sheet so that they don't jam or peel off and yet are easy to peel off when you are ready to use them.  These are a bit too large for return address labels, but would work for that.  Best suited for the address of the person you are sending to.  They are big enough for most addresses, although seem to be a little small for longer addresses.  You can do 5 lines with a 10-point font and probably around 30 characters per line (depending on whether you use all caps or lower case too).  This would accommodate all but the longest addresses.  It's a little smaller than what I like, but still quite readable. I wouldn't want to go any smaller.  If addresses are shorter, you can use a bigger font.  I would have liked these a little wider than the 2 5/8 inches, but if they were any wider, a third less labels would be on each page.  They really squeeze the maximum number (30) on an 8 1/2 x 11 sheet without any wasted space.
Avery makes excellent labels that do what they claim. They're high-quality and stick to what you put them on -- in this case, packages or envelopes. These have the added advantage of having what the company calls "TrueBlock Technology" -- which basically means that they block out the old address, allowing you to reuse the packaging materials. This is a great, eco-friendly solution. I'm taking away one star because they're harder to use in the printer than they should be. It's always a trick figuring out which way to orient the sheet and get it set up to print properly. Granted, part of that is my own fault. But these should be easier to use. However, overall it's a fine product.
I'm notorious for using things for purposes they were not intended for, and these labels are no exception. I don't use them as mailing labels.When this big box of 3,000 labels arrived, I immediately pulled off a few of the labels and stuck them to the top and smooth side (vertically) of a half-pint canning jar and onto a ziplock bag and put them in the freezer. A day later, the labels were still adhering well, and yet they were not a complete pain to get off. (Try pulling the label off dry, and if it doesn't come right off, it will come off after a soak in dishwater.) So now I can print out sheets of labels like "08/2010 Tomato Sauce" or "2010 Okra Seeds" and have them handy for when I'm canning, freezing, and dehydrating all my garden produce and saving seeds for next season. I put up a LOT of food. Also, I can quickly write and stick eat-by dates on anything in the fridge.Labels for canning jars cost a lot of money. These are just the ticket, and I can print whatever info onto them that I need. They will work at room temperature, in the fridge, or in the freezer, and there are lots and lots of them. Just what I needed!
These are great labels which work as expected.Pros:-No jams in my inkjet or laser-Easy to peel and stick on envelopes-Nice white colorCons:-None that I can see.There's not a whole lot to say here, these are labels that print well and don't jam.  Peel and stick is great.  Buy one, buy ten!
These labels work great for labeling reloaded ammo boxes.  I basically run them through my laser printer to print a basic template that includes: date, bullet, bullet weight, over-all length, powder, and powder charge.  Then, after I finish with a reloading session, I just use a pen to fill in the blanks and then stick a label onto each box.These labels have just the right amount of 'stickiness' to hold tightly to a plastic ammo box - while still being removable without leaving any residue or sticky mess behind.  After I empty each box, I just peel the sticker off and the box is ready to go again.I realize that this specific use probably isn't interesting to everyone, but it seems like these labels could be applied in a similar way to lots of different organizing tasks.Since a single sheet of labels can last me several weeks, I like that these labels stay stuck to the printer backing and don't come off before I'm ready to use them.  Fortunately, the labels are still easy to peel off the backing sheet because of an exposed pop-up edge for each label - it's a pretty ingenious setup.Finally, for those of you who are using these as mailing labels, I've found that the glue is nearly permanent when applied to paper envelopes - so no worries there.Overall, I'm completely satisfied with this product and I highly recommend them.
I use a lot of labels to print scannable barcodes, I have tried some other brands with 1/3 of the price I pay for the Avery brand, but the quality was not good, plus the paper was too glossy, I had a lot of complaints about the labels that can not be read by the scanner, had to switch back to Avery labels and all the complaints disappeared.
Excellent labels. Expecially like the Easy-Peel feature. These labels say "Laser" but will also work in an inkject printer. Only problem I had was in aligning them using OpenOffice.org's label-making software. Took a little bit of time to get it right. But ,that is my own fault. The labels are designed with Microsoft Word/Works Avery templates in mind and worked great under borth.
This product the standard for the typical address label 30 per page.  It is both jam and smudge free so the labels are ready to use the minute they come out of the printer.  They are easy to peel of the sheet and will get your mailings done quickly.  Make a sheet for each company you have frequent dealing with to make correspondence chores easier.Avery Easy Peel White Mailing Labels for Laser Printers, 1 x 2-5/8 Inches, Box of 3000 Labels (5160)
These "White Easy Peel Address Labels" from Avery really speed up addressing envelopes or packages.  The new "Pop-up Edge" design is a time saver.  A simple bend of the sheet back at a column, and you're ready to place the label.  They seem to stick well, even through the postal service. I never had one fall off of an envelope yet.  When sticking a lot of envelopes they make the job easy. Try them !
These labels are very easy to use. The cut lines on the page are very sharp so there are not any tears or snags when peeling a label from the page. We ran multiple pages through a laser printer and through an ink jet with no problems (Using MS Word label template. This is a standard size that was listed in the software). In fact, I put the sheets in upside down in one of the printers and ran them back through the correct way and they still flowed through perfectly. They peel easily off the page so you don't have to worry about creasing them when trying to peel them off. Highly recommended.
These are great printer labels from the folks at Avery, it comes 3000 labels to box so you're set for very long time (unless yo have business or something like that) Heck, I use them in BOTH my printer and and even pen write the address on them on occasion. Great mailing labels IMO and very recommended!
If you have a list of mailings to send and are ready to print address labels you'll want reliable label sheets.  That's what Avery offers with this item.  Just prepare the labels in your Office software and set the template for Avery 5160 - then with these sheets loaded you can print and have these ready to peel off and slap on the envelopes.  This item contains enough labels to last awhile.  These kinds of labels can be used for a variety of projects, not just for mailing addresses.  Avery is a leader in offering convenient office supplies - this address label package is one of many of their offerings that you'll find useful.
This is a great product.  Works well, perfect for mailing addresses.  Highly recommend.
These labels work well for many uses. They stick well and are easy to print on using my computer. Great product!
I'll go into more detail about what's superior about Avery below, but first, regarding this size --These will fit a four-line address in 10 or 11 point type, and are good for:-Return address labels on #10 envelopes-Address labels for 4x6 postcardsFor address labels on #10 envelopes, I prefer Avery 5162, as they'll fit or a four or five-line address in 12 point type."Easy Peel" basically means that the "extra" adhesive paper around the edges of the labels is absent. This does make them easier to peel, but I don't think Avery is even selling non-Easy Peel 5160s anymore, so it doesn't really matter.Especially because you must. buy. Avery. if you want a professional result. Avery and name brand printer toner.I've tried several different generic brands -- from all three big office retailers -- and the letters get smeared or flake off when applying the labels. Add generic toner, and the problem gets so bad that the printing becomes almost illegible. With generic toner these smear a little bit, but with the name brand toner (I've used these in both HPs and Canons), I don't start noticing toner on my fingers until I'm 500+ pieces into a mailing.For mailings to prospective clients/customers, smudging is totally unacceptable. The generic labels might seem a lot cheaper, but these are well worth the extra dough.
For years I used to send away for return labels and then I found out how easy it is to make my own and I'll never send away again.You go to the website listed on the box and get the free templates there and make perfect labels. There are several new designs available for both PC & Mac and they're a breeze to make.There are 3000 labels in the box and the price is incredible.  I'll be set with labels for decades.These new ones now Pop-Up when you bend the sheet making them the easiest to peel off for use,THEY"RE GREAT!
There's not a whole lot to say about these labels. The do come off the backing easily and stick where they're supposed to. I used them in both an ink jet and a laser jet printer and both worked just fine.
Gotta hand it to Avery, they've locked the sticky label market up. These are fairly priced, sticky, and there's nothing to not like about them.Paired with a quick printer, these can save you a whole lot of time, and they will stay stuck.
i use these on a daily basis...easy to use...no smudges...never had a problem. would purchase again. never used before but will def. use again
These Avery labels do exactly what they're supposed to.They feed perfectly, are perfectly spaced on the label sheet, are easy to peel and position.For those not familiar with how easy these Avery labels work:You simply open a Word DocumentClick on Tools; then Envelopes and LabelsSelect Avery Label 5160Type in what you want on the labeland print.In a couple of seconds you have great-looking labels.  I use them as return address labels, because this size is "taller" than many and allows an extra line or two on the label.Really!--you won't be diaappointed--these labels live up to the Avery reputation.
I got these labels thinking that the "Easy Peel" seemed kind of gimmicky...how could it really make a difference?  But I have to say that it works well.  The sheet of labels has three pre-scored "lines" where it folds.  Print your labels, fold along one of the lines, and the edges of ten of the labels are quickly exposed to make peeling super easy.  This might not make a difference if you are only printing a few labels, but it could be a nice time saver if you are doing a mass mailing.One other side note...These labels are for laser printers.  Be sure to get the type of labels that are designed for your printer (inkjet labels for inkjet printers, laser labels for laser printers).  In the past, I have made the mistake of trying to use sheets of labels in my laser printer even though they were not designed for a laser printer.  Don't make that mistake.  My Brother HL-2070N smelled like something was burning after just one sheet.  But with these Avery LASER labels, my laser printer handled them perfectly.
If you search Amazon or the web, you will know this is the best deal around. I run these labels through laser printer. It has no problems with the heat. Some other brands I tried have the glues tuned to different colors. But this one is O.K. With the quality and price, I cannot recommend it more
This generous box comes with 3000 labels, each sheet containing 30 white labels. My software didn't have the recommended Avery 5160 template when designing my mailing labels, but it was an universal fit and worked with all of the 1" X 2 5/8" templates (I tried and used all 6 of my templates successfully, even if they weren't from the specific avery company. Since I have had problems in the past with a competing company, I was pleased with the fact that these labels were instantly dried and therefore there was no smearing that occured with the drying process. Overall, these are extreamely useful for address labels and come highly recommended.
When it comes down to it, labels are just labels. You print on them, you peel and you stick ... done.What makes these great, other than the fact that they are quality labels that are easy to peel, are the templates. Templates for almost anything [...] that help make projects easier.While these are generally intended for address labels, they can be used for much more. As one example, recently I needed to run a correction for a yearbook that I helped put together. I was afraid that it would be hard to do; I was wrong. The 5160 happened to be the correct size -- it would cover the incorrect entry fully with enough room for the correction. I used one of the templates for Word and quickly typed out a correction on the template. I was afraid it would be hard to line up in the printer; I was wrong again. The first test print was perfect, so I ran the rest. Within a total of five minutes I had an exact match for the original project -- a printed label that can be placed over the original information in the book ... 60 copies. It matches great and it looks great.For simple addressing, these are also supported by the Apple Macintosh Address Book program, so printing labels for your Christmas cards or other needs are a breeze.The quality of the labels is superb as are all Avery product. They correctly run through my printers with no jamming problems at all.I highly recommend these labels.
I compared these Avery 5160 white labels with some off-brand labels I've used in the past.  They are very similar in print quality and ease of use.  The Avery labels use their 5160 template, which is available in Microsoft Word or from the free software available for download from [...].  Either way, the labels are easy to format and print.  The easy peel feature makes it easier to remove the labels compared with my off-brand labels.I also compared these with Avery's 5260 labels, which are almost identical in size, use the same 5160 template, and have the same easy peel feature but cost quite a bit more.  If you do a lot of label printing the 5160 package with 3000 labels is a much better value for the money spent.  Keep in mind these labels are only for use with a laser printer.
What else can I say? Easy peel, as described, go thru printer without jamming, templates available for setting up mailing lists.  Avery products are usually great and this is no exception!! These do a fine job!!!
These shipping labels work great for recycling mailers.  I've used them to mail several packages & it's a great convenience to no longer have to spend five minutes or more trying to peel off old labels before re-using padded mailers.With Avery's TrueBlock technology, it's a snap to quickly print a label that completely covers the old label. These labels work just like conventional laser labels--just use Avery's template to print the labels you need.  The "magic" is in the dark, vinyl-like coating on the "sticky side" of the label.  This dark screening coat completely blocks out the label underneath, so nothing shows through.  Just a clean, neatly printed new, bright white label.Elegantly engineered recycling solution; Highly recommended!
These labels are exactly what they say they are- truly blocking. We use them within our elementary school reading program. Finally, we have labels that allow for reuse of pocket portfolios without compromising the identity of its previous owner. Besides, no one wants to use a folder that has the shadow of a name behind your own!  These labels look good, save us money and time. At home, we use them when reusing shipping envelopes and boxes. My co-workers, husband, and students love them and you will too!
Avery labels have been considered the best when you need or want labels that you can print from your computer. These are no different. Whenever mailing anything, from letters to packages through the US Postal Service, using a pre-printed label allows your item to travel faster without having to be handled by human hands. This prevents loss, mis-sent, delayed or damaged letters and packages. Avery brand labels are the most trouble free labels available.
How many times have I used a magic marker to cover an old package label... lots! I was surprised and very pleased to see these labels with TrueBlock Technology! It works! A real time saver and no more ink on my fingers from the marker. Add a package of these labels to your shipping arsenal. And, if your word processing software doesn't have a template for them, you can download it from Avery's website.Once you use them, I bet you'll be sure to keep a supply on hand. Highly recommended.
These labels are nice, thick labels with an opaque backing to completely cover/obscure whatever is under them. They're made for reusing packaging/mailers with a more professional appearance than traditional labels, which allow the previous printing to show through. They're completely effective at blocking what they cover, and the print jam-free in my laser printer in both the tray and single-feed input. They peel easily from the backing, and very easy to handle because they're thick and don't roll when you remove them. They are not quite as bright white as the typical label, due to the gray layer on the adhesive side, which is what makes them opaque.I use them as product labels. They're crisp looking labels, and they do a good job of blocking out the previous label for a cleaner look if you have to relabel something.
I use labels a lot...for postage and for labeling items around the house and in the garage.  These are really easy to use (ALL the avery labels are!), but what I really love about these is that I don't have to peel off the old shipping label if I'm re-using a box or envelope.  These will cover the old label so all that shows is the new information.  BIG time-saver, not to mention the savings that come from re-using boxes and envelopes!
Not much to say here, the product works as advertised.  The labels are easy to use, old text covered up is as advertised, and there are plenty of templates to print these out.Easy to use, nice price, great product.  What's not to love???***** RECOMMENDED
What can you say these are mailing labels for large envelopes or packages. They are plain white, come in sheets of ten with the usual supporting formats in office suites and online at the Avery website. The one key aspect of these labels that makes them different from the standard labels is the TrueBlock that masks any text that they are laid over, no more seeing through the label to the prior addressee.As far as I am concerned these labels fulfill all of the claims made by Avery and work splendidly. P-)
I have found that the TrueBlock line of products comes in handy when re-using boxes. Labels from this product line are thick enough to completely cover old labels. They also tend to peel very easily from the sheet, but to stick very securely to packages. I have not had a single label jam in the printer. Finally, they seem to resist wrinkling while being applied to boxes better that any other label i have used.
I really like these labels. They are just thick enough to cover up writing or old labels when recycling envelopes. Nothing shows through from the old stuff underneath - these labels are just large enough to cover the edges on an older label as well. The slightly larger size makes them nice for printing a photo logo on the corner while leaving room for the address information in a font size that can still be seen with the naked eye. Nice product that I will buy again in the future.
I am now hooked on the Avery line of labels. These work just as well as the other ones I've tried - go through my inkjet printer w/ no smears, cover up well, stick well, etc.  I will definitely purchase in the future.
Avery White Shipping Labels make mass mailings easy and trouble-free.  Each sheet of ten labels feeds smoothly into your printer and the addresses come out smudge-free.  The labels are easy to peel and attach snugly to your envelope or package.  You can place these labels over old labels and the new ones will cover the old printing completely.  This is a useful and reliable product.
In this yet another superior product from Avery, these laser shipping labels can be accommodated to any size envelope as they are not too big and not too small, so as to  seem not aesthetically fitting.Their actual size is 2" x 4", guaranteed to be jam free and smudge free (haven't tested this claim extensively yet as I have just begun to use them.  So far they work out fine and my printer likes them).I've often bought small labels for small envelopes, and larger for bigger ones.  Now I don't have to do that anymore, slightly uncomplicating my life.  And that's welcome!These labels also cover any printing underneath should one want to send something out in a used enveloped.  That's a pennysaver!Thanks, Avery, for another fine product.
The free template works well in creating printable labels.  This size also allows me to have the return address on the left hand corner so only 1 label is needed for mailing rather than 2.  Love it!
These Avery labels are specially designed to coverup anything underneath them.  They call this TrueBlock, and if you want to be extra sure that nothing can be seen through the label you put on something then this is valuable.  If you don't need this then these labels would be an unnecessary expense in comparison to ordinary mailing labels.These labels are designed for laser printers, though you could also use them in an inkjet.  Just make sure you set the proper template in your word processor before printing.  These labels are something that I'll have available whenever I need to re-use a package/shipping envelope that has dark writing on it.
Most labels these days are just good labels.  However, if you are looking for labels that will be printed in a laser printer, I'll recommend Avery's products, as I've had great results with them.  No paper jams in my HP color laser printer, and no paper jams in my HP black and white laser printer. The labels separate nicely from their backing, and they stick nicely.These labels are designed by Avery with what they call, "TrueBlock(TM) Technology" - and I have to agree, if you stick these over the top of an existing label, these will cover them well, and you won't see the label underneath it showing through.  If the box has some writing on it, and you stick this label over the writing, you will not see the writing through this label.  Nice!
These are nice shipping labels if you do a bunch of shipping from your computer.  Each sheet has 10 stickers on it, generally one for "From", and one from "To", although you can configure however you want.Avery's "True Block" tech is basically a sticker with a solid background, so you could put it on top of an old shipping label on a box you might be re-using, and you can't see the old label.  Generally, I don't ship re-used boxes, so that part isn't so much a big deal, but it's nice that it's there.  It also gives the sticker a more solid feel, like it isn't going to come off the box.I've had Avery labels for awhile, and have liked them.  These are good, I'd buy 'em for sure.
These do, in fact, perform as advertised.  They run through my laser printer cleanly and adhere well, blocking things underneath (I tested it on a white box that had black sharpie on it; the sharpie was obscured by the label 100%).  They are a bit small for my box-shipping needs (I use the half-sheet labels for that) but for mailing correspondence to the same address every month, it's quite easy to run off the addresses on a sheet of these labels and keep them with my stamps.
These are white shipping labels...but THESE are good quality ones that don't peel off.  They are 2 inches x 4 inches, and come 10 labels per sheet.  They can go through your printer for mass mailings using an Avery template, or you can simply peel, stick, and and write on one...no bleeding if you use a permanent marker, either.  Even if I don't always use these for shipping, they are great stick on labels for most anything.  I often will cut them up into smaller pieces for this or that purpose.  And they are thick enough that you can't read anything underneath them...a big plus no matter what you use them for.
Being an AMAZON seller, I use these 2x4" labels often, especially when addresses are long/tall (e.g., Japan). These are truly special, they are light yet sturdy and solid; albeit quasi-luxurious this is super-professional, marvellous stuff.
I received these labels from the Amazon Vine Program, and was eager to give them a try.  I've used Avery products for many years and love that they have use common templates for printing at home.These labels are great for addressing envelopes or boxes you've previously used.  The "TrueBlock" technology means that there's no show-through of the previous address.  They stick securely and look professional on the front of even a used envelope.  I'll look for more of these when they're gone.  Thanks, Avery, and thanks Amazon!
These labels looked as if they would be perfect for my Christmas packages and I was correct. I like to save boxes in which I have received shipments for later use to send birthday and Christmas gifts through the mail, but often they have markings and barcodes on them. In the past I have just used a heavy black marker to blot out these things. This is a much better alternative. The labels are sturdy, took printer ink well, and are opaque so that nothing can be seen through them. I like any product that helps me to recycle.
These white shipping labels with TrueBlock technology do cover quite well.  They seem to perform as stated and I am quite pleased.
Sure, you can get other label brands but you can't get Avery QUALITY anywhere else.  If you want a product that wont peel off when you don't want it to (like in your printer or at the post office) one that gives crisp imaging and conforms to the templates you have with your label program or word processing software, and one that presents well to the recipient, then stick to Avery and you won't be sorry.  These labels are a prime example of what I'm talking about.  I often reuse large envelopes, mailers, and boxes.  These labels go on clean right over the top of the old ones with no see-through to confuse the delivery person.  They are also great for sticking over bar codes and routing notes.
I ship a lot of items, mostly books, and I recycle as many envelopes and bubble mailers as I can. It is so time consuming to peel off old labels and/or mark through the writing on the envelopes. While this isn't a problem that ranks anywhere on the scale of actual world problems, it's nice to have a simple solution that makes one of my tasks a bit easier.The TrueBlock technology actually works. Some of the mailers I use are pretty worn and have already had 2 or 3 labels stuck to them. One of these Avery TrueBlock labels covers all the writing underneath and looks very clean and neat. They work great! As always, Avery offers so many free templates online that using any of their labels is so easy and convenient. There are other brands available that promise the same thing, and Avery labels aren't always the least expensive, but I find over and over that I save money in the long run by buying the Avery products because they work each and every time.I love a product that is simple but works as promised and gets the job done. These Avery TrueBlock labels are exactly that. Highly recommended!
I was impressed at how this label really did work to block out what was bellow it.Even heavy thick black lines did not show through.These labels may cost a bit more but I don't have to use 2-3 labels to block was is below them so in the long run they save a lot more than the cheaper labels.They also adhere quite well.They moved through both my top and bottom feed printers with no problem.
Avery never fails to produce quality, easy to use labels and these are no exception.  As with any Avery label, these work seamlessly with the templates built into Word.  This particular type with "TrueBlock Technology" and be pasted right over previous labels so envelopes and boxes can be reused without having to peel off the old label.  They guarantee nothing will show through (like an old bar code) and mess up your shipment.  Nice feature and very "green"  which I always appreciate!  Kudos, Avery!
Avery has done it again!  Been using their product for years and I think these are a good improvement over prior functionality.I did use the template and verified that the printing surfaces were clean and ready to go prior to use.  In this way, the labels printed smoothly and easily.  There was not smudging.  The labels did not get stuck in the printer.As the sheet includes just labels (no margins), they peeled off easily and could be subsequently appliedquickly and neatly to the packages.  The finished look was neat and very professional and ready for mailing.Overall,  these are terrific  address labels for any user.
Not much to really say about a label...but they do pull off easily, so what is most important, works well.
Avery is just awesome... they make a huge variety of labels that work great and this is one is not an exception.  They cover up the labels underneath completely so you can recycle envelopes that people have sent you; they stick easy and print on easily without smudging; excellent all around!!!One advantage to Avery is that you can go on their website and use the templates they have available as well.Highly recommend!
These labels worked beautifully in my HP2600n laser-printer.  They peel cleanly and stick well.The thing that really pushes Avery labels into the "5 star" category for me is the [...] templates website.  A full-featured online layout tool supports most Avery labels, has tons of font/typeface combinations, supports useful things like filling in the rest of your labels based on a variation of the previous one, does mail-merge, etc, etc.  AND that doesn't require any download-- when you're done, it generates a PDF to print.  Definitely a big win in the increasingly online-centric application world.  There are downloads for MS Office and other tools available on the site, also.These labels are big, nearly double the size of what I picture as "letter sized envelope labels", so unless your fonts are massive, there's plenty of room on the label to add a graphic, or logo, or whatever.  The Avery website includes a number of such graphics to add to the label.Recommended.
useful, work great, can't really go wrong with these labels if this is what you need. works well with MS Word and my Epson printer.
These are the perfect size to cover up mis-printed envelopes.  Stick very well, and you definitely can't see any printing through the labels.  Very bright white.  Prints well.
I won't bore you with a lengthy review, I mean c'mon.. they are shipping labels.They can be printed on by your printer with ease, they stick on super strong, and are of great value. 5 stars!Get these, they work great!
People who know me know I love to label. These do everything that they say. Ran beautifully through my printer, stick nicely. No complaints.
They work great in regular printer.  TRULY blocks the old stuff.  Great adhesive.  Excellent quality!
These labels are of good quality and just what they should be. They print smoothly without jamming up my printer, they provide good coverage for covering up old addresses or other unwanted info and most importantly they STICK! I hate cheap labels that require you to tape the edges down so they don't peel off.
I ship a lot of books and packages in re-used envelopes and packaging. In the past, I've always had to use an additional piece of paper, or a dark marker, to cover up the old address. That's not the case with Avery's shipping labels with TrueBlock technology.These amazing labels effectively cover up any existing label or writing, making it impossible to see the previous address. It might sound like a small feature, but for this shipper it's a time-saver.And, since they're the dependable Avery brand, I can simply enter the package number into my printing program and know that it will print the labels without fail. You can't go wrong.
These labels are great for covering old information.I frequently ship reused boxes and I don't have to double up my labels anymore or cross out with black marker before affixing a new shipping label.In addition they print easily using them template and the adhesive is just fine which is what I've come to from Avery.
Other then blocking whatever is underneath the label, these labels are no different than any other label that Avery makes.  These have all the same features that you would expect from Avery.  They do not come off the sheet when running through the printer, and are easy to remove from the sheet when needed.
I'm loving how the rings are the connecting to each other with the pin. That is such a better idea over other binders out there. also the ease of how they open and the side mounted binder instead of the back panel. So much better.The printable tabs are a great little add as well. I can redo them as I like and I can even handwrite on them as well. Plus the fact that all you have to do it line up over your set of tabs and just push them down. Makes life so much easier in general.....This is the perfect item for those of us with a little OCD when it comes to organizational issues...lolall binders should have the level of quality that this product offers.
How exciting can tabs or index dividers be? Well, pretty darn exciting.These Clear Label Index-Maker (r) Dividers are innovative and needed. They let you label five tabs at once using a special label strip. But more than that, they come with directions (step-by-step directions for those with feeble computer skills like mine!) and even a demo on how to use them. You can access it at avery.com/demo.im.I also love that they're making the dividers from 30% post-cnsumer recyled paper and offer free templates and software, too--for about every program and computer imaginable. See the Avery address for that on the package.I can't help myself. I'm, also going to plug the heavy duty, easy-to- open binder from Avery. It's PVC Free and the chipboard it's made from is 100% recycled content.Both products are community conscious with official Box Tops Education labels on them.Are the Avery folks first in making label use easy? Could be. They sure enough do know how to make a product right and then to market it in ways that count.---The reviewer is the author of the multi award-winning HowToDoItFrugally series of books for writers and retailers.
Avery has consistently made great products and this one is no exception.  The product allows me to easily and neatly label all of my tabs (and in many cases relabel them for reuse).  The quality and the the way they accept the printed items are great like usual.  I do occasionally have issues with the templates, but have experienced similar issues with every brand of labels I have used.  I would highly recommend this to those that like to keep everything neatly organized.
I was impressed that this product came with the binder as well, I thought it was just the dividers, but it also came with the binder.  Great quality, highly recommend.
I used these to organize my recipe collection.  They are easy to use, sturdy, and do just the trick.  Nothing not to like about them.
This is the first set of dividers I have come across that you can print on for multiple categories at once. The dividers fit a standard 3 ring binder. You print your labels on a strip that can then be applied to 5 dividers at once (must be aligned).Another great Avery product.
I choose this Avery product because I have been pleased with their products in the past. I was not disappointed!It's easy to go online, type in the number of the product, test it and then print. The user can choose between programs that can be downloaded or used online. I was using a computer other than my own so I went for the online program. It had a good number of choices and clear instructions. My only problem was that a small amount of the design on each label was cut off. It didn't really detract from the product and I probably could have changed it after my test copy if I had wanted.If you have any problems, there are several resources to find help including "help" tabs on each page, online chat and phone numbers. I also like that this product is made of 30% post consumer products.BEST OF ALL it is easy to apply 5 labels at once. With the arthritis in my hands, this is a major plus!
In a previous job, it was my task to get books printed, most of which needed custom tabs. Unfortunately, having custom tabs printed cost an arm and a leg.  Because I was on a budget, I was forced to use those tabs where you type on the little strip and shove it into a plastic sleeve on the divider.  This was affordable, but it looked cheap and cheesy and I searched high and low for a better option.  Now that I'm no longer ordering custom workbooks, a solution to my tab problem has arrived.First off, Avery Index Maker Clear Label Dividers are EASY.  If you can fill out a form, you have all the skills necessary to make custom tabs.  The back of the package gives you instructions to find the software that works with either your word processor or as a stand alone program.  Install the software (which takes no time at all), fill out your information, and print out your spiffy custom tabs.  Align the label strip to the blank tabs, press into place and remove the excess plastic.  It takes longer to read my overly-long sentence than it did to make some tabs!I gave the product five stars, but I almost gave it four, mostly because you need to install software to make the index spacer work.  Every company I've worked for in the past fifteen years imposes strict sanctions against installing software yourself, and waiting for IT to approve and install it takes a long time. (Because they have so much to do) I ended up giving the product five stars because Microsoft Word is nearly ubiquitous, and this label template is included with Microsoft Word.  Just load the template and go.Great product, makes professional looking tabs, and saves tons of money over having custom tabs printed. Just don't let your boss know how easy it is or you'll be making custom tabs all day long!
In the early days of my company we would work like mad to make up proposal section separation sheets that indicated the quality and professional that we were trying to present with our proposals.  We finally gave up and purchased separate stiff sheets that were professional printed with the desired section title; i.e., Personnel, Technical Understanding, Approach, etc.  Invariably the government would change the section titles every time we started a new proposal, so there were no scale economies available to "over stocking" separation sheets.Had I had this Avery product available, it would be an simple task to  change proposal section titles to match the latest government desires, yet still have a professional looking proposal. What a tremendous idea.  Well worth the cost and simple to implement.
This is an excellent product that makes an ordinarily tedious job much easier.  The trick is the "Easy Apply label strips," which allow you to print all five index tab labels at one time using a Word template that Avery makes available online.  Once they're printed, you just peel the group of labels off of the sheet and press the labels onto the folder tabs.  There's also a set of individual labels if you don't need sets of five.  It takes less time to do it than it takes to read this explanation.  The dividers themselves seem very sturdy, and they should survive pretty rough handling in a notebook.A new way of doing divider tab labels isn't going to change the world, but this Avery product makes life just a little easier.  Bottom line:  Well worth the money.
Avery is one of the best companies!  They came through again with these dividers.  I used these in my portfolio and it came out awesome!  I will continue to buy Avery prodcuts for my work related projects.  Avery never disappoints you with the quality of their products!
These work great and make it very easy to put together multiple dividers (front and back) at a time. The added bonus is that I am able to get them all on straight because I have a longer line to follow as I am attaching them. I only wish I did not have to use the Avery website to print the labels. They used to supply a disk with previous purchases I have made and the disk included the application needed. I wish I could just download the app to my system so I did not have to learn how to navigate their website. Too complicated for just the few labels I want to print.Overall if you are putting together lots of labels it could be worth your time. There was also the ability to add graphics to the labels.
We use this with a 2 inch Avery binder to keep all our finances and household affairs in order.  The tabs are great to quickly customize categories that need to be specific.  More useful than pre-printed tabs that just say BANK, HOME, AUTO, etc.  Very easy to set up, print and use.
Easy to use.  Word 2010 has the template already installed, so it was quick and simple to print and create tabs for a presentation at work.With the labels all connected on a strip it is much easier to apply them squarely onto all the tabs.  It is also much quicker than peeling small clear labels and attempting to apply them neatly to each individual tab.
This divider/label kit helps you step by step through the process of printing labels for your dividers, either with a downloaded Word template (which I used, with Word 2003) or online.  (Word 2007 comes with the template already, according to the package.)  Once you download it, it will appear under an "Avery" tab when you open the "New Office Document" menu.  I tried printing both text and picture labels, and fed the label sheet twice through the printer - it came out looking great and was as easy to apply as in the photo.  You can also print labels for both the fronts and backs of your tabs at the same time.  There is even a test printing sheet as well as extra labels to attach separately in case you want to reuse old dividers.  The binder is also very nice, with a rubber-coated lever and two pockets inside both the front and back covers.
You can count on Avery to bring to market an excellent heavy-duty three-ring binder that can be depended upon to be easy-to-manipulate and hold-up to the abuse inherent in office work.I particularly like the plastic cover over the push tab to use open-and-close the rings to place the dividers and paper in. With free templates and software to make the index tab dividers and a study 3-ring binder to put materials in this is a good, solid, dependable product. The rings themselves appear to match up perfectly.Bottom line? Buy this heavy duty 3-ring binder you won't have to struggle ever again to open and close the rings like you do on most.
Getting divider labels to look good has been one of my challenges. If you need dividers for presentations or just to look good it's almost impossible to get most labels to print out with the right alignment. Others I've tried I had to waste a whole sheet to get a couple of labels printed.These clear labels with the templates worked fantastic. The templates, printing, and results were flawless. The dividers themselves are tough, reinforced, bright white, and very crisp. I make binders and presentation materials that I can be proud of - and for my sales efforts help me win by being a notch better than my competitors. One of the few products that I use consistently and would not think of changing from.
I have always disliked binders since I was in high school.  It has been so hard to open one up to put index tabs and pages in, not to mention the pinched fingers I seem to get when opening one up.  When I received this binder I couldn't stop opening and shuting it because it was so EASY to do.  I really like the 5 tab Label Dividers.  I am going to make a family journal and this is perfect to start with my pages, then go to my grandparents on my Father's side, then my Mothers side and on to Great Grandparents.  The 5 tabs per set will give me just what I'm  going to need to work my Family Journal up!  How easy can this be to accomplish what has been nagging at me for so long not quite knowing how to put it together.  I will be able to use pictures with the journaling as well!  Avery has made this possible for me to now know how to do my Family Journal and also to easily put each of my children and grandchildren one together. I went onto Avery's site to look at the labels I can get by just downloading to Microsoft Word or to Adobe Reader.  Thank you Amazon Vine!
This index label system is simple to use. I have to admit to being a little intimidated with trying to affix five labels simultaneously, but it's a lot easier than it looks. To help keep the dividers from shifting when applying the labels, I placed them in a three-ring binder.Even though I only have a simple inkjet printer, the labels ended up looking professionally printed and don't smear, which seems surprising on something transparent.There's a drawback, though, in that the label sheets are only supposed to, based on the manufacturer's directions, be fed through the printer once. This means printing 50 labels out. This is reasonable for office use, but for general home project/home office use, one-copy reports, and the like, it's too many. For example, I was printing labels and only needed 10 labels total for the two separate projects I was working on.While it's a great product, you ideally need to either have large projects to use the labels for, or plan ahead for printing out labels for multiple projects at once.
I love the binder...ONE thumb open/close....you can't pinch your fingers in as you close....yeah!  How many times have I done that in my many, many binders.  Not anymore.  The index maker labels are a nice construction.  I hate it when you have to tape the actual dividers because they are falling apart.....not with these....very nicely put together.  Overall, a very nice product.
I like this. It holds books well. It is holding up well and gets the job done. It is more for books you put would put on a table or desk to read. Not for say taking on a bus to read a paperback. The flipklip is great for doing that. This one is more of a "I have to type from a textbook onto my computer" kind of thing. It holds all books but thick volumes like a dictionary. This one is great for holding a cookbook while you are stirring a pot, for learning to type and it holding the book open, for hardbacks that you just don't want to hold with your hands and have it hold it open for you, things like that.
As a student, this came in very handy.  I was studying coding so looking at my textbook and typing the code on the computer was getting tedious.  This stand helped make it so much easier. It's sturdy and folds practically flat so when I'm not using it, I just stick it between my books.  Thanks, Fellowes!
This product is perfect what I intended. It is light weight and I can pack it in my computer bag. Gone are the days when I used to struggle to hold books and type from them while at my laptop. I can put this at any angle of preference. Great buy! Great Product!
I often take notes and quotes from the books I'm reading. It was always a hassle trying to keep the book open to the page I was typing from. This light weight stand does the trick. Inexpensive, easy to keep with you, and very effective for holding a book in place at the page you need it at. Love this simple tool. Very helpful.
I have used this stand to hold knitting and crocheting books to look at the patterns, and also to hold magazines.  I have a neck injury and try not to look down at whatever I'm reading, so this stand works great. The two little legs can be adjusted in or out depending on the size and weight of what's in it. Right now I'm using it to hold a magazine that I read during breakfast.
We have been using this particular DryErase/Flip Chart outside of our store for 2 years now. We do not use it as an "Easel," but rather as a hanging board (where it hangs downward) to promote specials and products.After purchasing another product that didn't work, we were especially grateful to purchase this particular one. It is sturdy, and except in high winds, we do not have a problem with it blowing over. Best of all, we can write on both sides - either turning it sideways so it can be seen by cars / Pedestrians coming from either direction, or facing front, with the ability to turn it later in the day to promote a different sale (especially helpful for Thanksgiving day sales).As a small business owner, I appreciate the flexibility of being able to promote items without a lot of hassle, and this particular chart has been especially helpful to us.
The Quarter Easel Whiteboard and Flipchart is perfect for  Sunday School at my church. I like the double sided writing surface and angled feature for good viewing across the classroom. I just wish I could get one for every classroom. The board is very sturdy and well built. It does take two people to set it up and secure the legs. The double-sided white board makes it a reversible writing space. It also will hold the Easel Pads 27 x 34 Inch. I highly recommend this easel whiteboard for a small office or  classroom use.
Whenever I have a study group at my house, it drives me bonkers to have to demonstrate everything on a piece of paper. This easel style whiteboard is stupid easy to set up. It comes assembled already. All you do is adjust the height to where you want it, and tighten the knobs so it stays put. Then, it stays exactly where you put it until you're ready to adjust it again. You can write on both sides. Both top and bottom have the little marker holding tray on it. The legs spread out so that the easel stays nice and stable on the ground. This makes life so much easier to study, because everything is right there.
Light enough to be portable but heavy enough to be durable. I use this almost daily and have transported from office to office (and used it at our garage sale!). It wipes off very easy (often I just use a paper towel). I love that it turns into a table (we used it as a small table at our garage sale to display books!). I think this would be great for a teacher or real estate agent or any sort of person who makes presentations (or even in a cafe as a &#34;special&#34; of the day board).Love it!
EXCELLENT quality...u can buy cheaper ones... surprisingly stable, folds nicely, I love how its so versatile, becomes a table, or a writing surface...  well designed, well executed... the reviews on this product were very true to its performance...
This is my new best friend. This thing is awesome.The Quartet Ultima easel is adjustable. I can adjust it to whatever setting I need . It even can be used as a table top but I don't use it that way.  It is easy to move. We have dragged this all over the house and out to the barn to list the days work or anything else. It is so stable, we used it on a float in a parade. It wipes of easily. And the frame seems like it is going to last.I am very pleased
Yes, you read correctly, this CAN be converted to an actual TABLE!This helps if you need a place to put your projector in a pinch.Very easy to adjust, and very sturdy.This piece is a tad bit &#34;bulky&#34; for me (I am 5'5&#34; tall, and its size competes with my size), but not overly &#34;heavy&#34; as far as weight.Quality is great, and I highly recommend it for presentations, or even just a good writing board for your office.
When I first received this easel/table whiteboard from Quartet, I was stunned by the size of the external, and internal, boxes it came packaged in. There's no shortage of protection used to get this to you safely! Once it's unpacked, as I found the case to be with another whiteboard I recently got from Quartet (theQuartet Matrix Magnetic Modular Whiteboards, 34 Inches x 23 Inches, Silver Aluminum Frame (M3423), it's clear that this is a well-made whiteboard.In order to set it up, it IS quite cumbersome to do solo, so try to enlist the assistance of someone else to help you position the whiteboard exactly as you need to. Quartet has made it so you can angle this whiteboard to many different positions, including setting it up as an actual table (something that I admittedly find to be really daggone cool)! The legs on it are sturdy, and do have a grip on the end of each one to ensure that it stays in place once set up. And the fact that it folds down to about a 4" thickness when you're done with it makes it that much easier to stash it away into a narrow space.For anyone not in need of a permanently mounted whiteboard, that wants something that offers more options for setup and mobility, I can't imagine this board would leave you wanting. Well-designed, smart, worth the price for the features you get! And, oh yeah, it's reversible, too! You just can't beat that! ;)
This desktop paper trimmer is perfect for my home office. I am always looking for a way to cut my scrapbook papers which are 12&#34;x12&#34;.  This Swingline paper trimmer will cut up to 15 inches which is just what I needed.  The paper trimmer is listed as Lite and it really is light weight. It is easy to handle and you won't hurt your back when you pick it up. The handle comes with an extension which is removable for storage.  The blade is very, very sharp and had a hook to lock the blade when not in use. It also has a grid and scale for measurements and a guard rail for safety. I highly recommend this Guillotine Trimmer for all paper trimming uses
I've tried out 3 paper cutters just this year. I use it daily for work, many times a day--I sent out samples of products and for sample labels I just hand cut the labels before sending and also cut out the mailing labels.  That means lots of cutting, and some of it on sticky backed surfaces.  I also use paper cutters in my art.This one, by far, outperformed all the others, even my commercial ones.  It's amazing that it's so lightweight, but cuts so easily, even bigger stacks of paper.Most seem to cut by shaving the blade up close to the metal bar rather than by having a good and sharp blade. This means more resistance and pulling---This one is a light easy pull but fast and accurate cut.  Far better.My other cutters tend to make the paper move, crooked, so precise cuts are not as easy--this one kept the paper just where I place it for straight cuts.Also a few of my others have a large protector so you can't easily see where you are cutting. This has a small bar.  Whereas I wound up removing the protector on some other paper cutters because it was in the way of my site, I can leave this one on, meaning fingers are protected but I can still see.This one is longer than may others so long pieces of paper are no issueAnd the guides on the cutter make it simple to align items straight, whether vertically or horizontally.Best cutter I've owned in years, for sure.
I really like this Swingline Trimmer.  It's very easy to use, lightweight and easier to store than the big, heavy ones.  It performs well, can easily cut ten sheets of paper at a time.  I've used it for a lot of paper crafts, cutting heavy cardstock with ease and accuracy.  The paper is easy to line up, so you get satisfying results.  I've had quite a few trimmers, and they never really lived up to my expectations.  I have a very expensive Martha Stewart trimmer which is a huge disappointment, difficult to line up and and the cuts are often slightly off, which drives me crazy.  This trimmer far surpasses that one, for less than half the price.  I'd highly recommend for scrapbookers and other crafters, for students (with parental supervision, of course).  There is a lockable safety latch on the side to prevent accidents while not in use.  Very pleased with this product.
The Swingline Classic Cut Lite 15-Inch Guillotine Trimmer is exactly what it says, it's LIGHT, and it cuts very well.  The lightness of the product does make it feel a bit cheap, but I think it will hold up just fine....it's a desktop item, not something you're going to throw around or jump on!There are two sets of measuring guides, on at the top of the cutter and another about 5 inches down which is kind of nice, the entire bed of the cutter it filled with grids so it's easy to make sure that your paper is lined up straight, very useful for cutting smaller items.I am very happy with this cutter, a great replacement for my old heavy elephant of a cutter, definitely worth it!
Any parent with kids in school has stayed up way past their bedtime working on projects the little darling "forgot" to tell you about until the night before it was due.  I've had blisters on my fingers from cutting and cutting by hand, so I decided to buy one of these paper cutters for the next time.  I bought mine at Walmart, for about $26.I was a little put off by the all-plastic base and unit's overall light weight, but with 100 little squares to cut out for the latest school project I was willing to give it a try.  I'm very happy with the way it works, although it takes a little practice to cut exactly where you want it to.  The blade is SUPER sharp (my bleeding knuckle assures you) and the cutter should only be used by adults.  It cuts up to 10 regular pages (about 5 pages of construction paper) with ease.  In fact, it works better with 2 or more pages than with one.One hint I learned is that you need to hold the paper very securely with your left hand, so it can't be pulled crooked as you lower the blade with your right hand.  Also, as you lower the cutting bar to cut, use a slight inward pressure on the handle, to keep the blade slicing right up against the guide.This is a great little paper cutter and I'm "looking forward" to all those late nights when we'll be chopping and pasting.
This replaced a smaller, somewhat flimsier paper cutter and while that one was merely adequate, I feel this one is ideal for home use.  It will accurately and neatly cut up to 10 sheets of standard paper or approximately 5 pieces of medium card stock at a time.  While this may fall short in an office setting, for our needs at home, it does a great job.Although it's considerably lighter, smaller and easier to store, it shares several important features with its more expensive commercial cousins.  It has an alignment grid and a ruler to ensure that your cuts are accurate and it boasts important safety features such as a guard rail and a blade lock to prevent you from cutting something you don't intend to.  And that's a good thing too because the die-cast metal blade is very sharp to begin with and is self-sharpening as well.The Swingline ClassicCut Lite Guillotine Trimmer is a well-made product that fulfills its promise.
The Swingline ClassicCut delivers crisp, clean cuts. It is well made and sturdy - sure to last many, many years.My only ding (and it is a small one) is that I wish there were suction cups on the bottom to secure it firmly to the table.I make my own business cards, printed on heavy-stock paper, and use the Swingline ClassicCut to cut them individual cards. The built-in guide makes that process fast and easy.I also like printing 4-6 photos on larger-sized photo paper and the Swingline enables me to cut these into perfect separate photos.I cannot cut a straight line with a pair of scissors to save my life - and thankfully I don't have to try now that I rely on my Swingline ClassicCut. Two thumbs up.
In short, I am impressed by how very lightweight this trimmer is.  If you want to be able to pick up your trimmer and easily move it to another room, I highly recommend this.If you want a little more detail...Paper trimmers usually have heavy wooden bases, probably so that they won't slide around during use.  But that extra weight means that you can't easily move the trimmer from room to room if you are working on a project.  By contrast, this Swingline &#34;Lite&#34; trimmer is probably about as light as it could possibly be and still remain functional.  It is very easy to carry around with one hand.The base is a thin but sturdy plastic.  In addition to the four corner supports on the bottom of the base, there is a fifth support in the center of the bottom.  No doubt, this extra support is necessary on such a thin trimmer in order to keep it from sagging in the middle when holding your papers in place.I am also pleased with the accurate cuts.  Some trimmers I've used seem to give me consistently crooked cuts.  Not so with this Swingline.  Whether I cut one or ten pieces of paper, I have never been disappointed by the cutting.If I could gripe about one thing (maybe worth a half-star deduction), it would be this: I find that the safety latch for locking down the arm is a little tricky to access.  It's a bit &#34;tucked away&#34; under the arm itself, making it a little harder to lock and unlock.  However, because it's such a light trimmer, it's easy to pick up the entire trimmer with one hand and tilt it until I find the latch.All in all, this is really a great trimmer.  Don't be put off by the &#34;Lite&#34; in its title.
Over the last few months I have turned into one of those &#34;Krazy Coupon Ladies&#34;, and let me tell you clipping coupons by hand sucks ( especially when you are buying 6+ newspapers a week). So when I saw this trimmer I jumped at the chance to try it out.Its my new best friend and literally cuts my clipping time in half. I line up 6 pages ( state you can do up to 10) and swipe swipe they are neatly cut out and ready to be filed. The blade is quiet sharp and I really like that you can lock it. I made sure my kids aren't aware of this feature so they cant play with it.This trimmer is pretty light weight so that helps me move it from spot to spot if i need to and i really don't mind that i have to hold it to move the blade up and down. Its very sturdy though and seems like it will last for a long time. Overall I'm really happy with this product and have already recommended it to several of my friends and family that also use coupons.
When I first got it, it was so lightweight that I thought &#34;this thing can't be much more than a toy, but it surprised me.  It cuts straight and clean.  I like the way it's marked for measuring.  It says it will cut &#34;up to 10 sheets&#34; which it does.  I really don't need more than that at home anyway.  I'm used to the beast we have where I used to work.  The thing weighed a lot and it felt very substantial.  This doesn't have the weight, but it does seem to be a good product for what I need.  After I got over my first impression that it was flimsy, I find I like that it's lightweight so I can move it easily with one hand.  My son just started back to college studying art and photography.  He has already used it and is happy with it as well.  Score!
This is a case of you get what you pay for.  This is not a device meant for heavy use.  It is not the solid metal, hurt your back moving cutter that some of us used when young and in school.  However, it is patterned off of that.  This is made with a plastic and is solid and rigid (not flimsy at all).  It is heavy enough to stay in place while cutting and has the typical ruler in the middle of the platform.  The trimmer cuts with a crisp and solid feel to the swing arm action.  I had no issues whatsoever cutting.The blade is solid metal and sharp.  It has a safety catch - if I had one thing to improved, I would make that more solid and more obvious... make it a bright red plastic.  It is currently a little stainless steel catch people can easily not be aware of.This product is great for little projects.  Trimming photos, etc.  Over Christmas I had been making a lot of laminated certificates as a joke gift.  I really wish I had this cutter at the time.For the price (~35), I really like the functionality for the value of this product.
This isn't the biggest, heaviest or sturdiest guillotine cutter in the world, for sure.  It's fairly small, and plastic-y.  But, it actually does a pretty great job as long as you take your time.  It's very lightweight, which is great if you need to move it around, but it's easy to make it shift around accidentally when you're using it.  But as long as you line up what you're cutting well and cut smoothly, and don't try to cut more than a half-dozen or so pages at once, you'll get a perfect, clean cut.
I got this primarily for cutting photos. Very sharp blade... cuts are very smooth and precise. The entire cutter, aside from the blade, is made of plastic... it's extremely lightweight, however it's also very sturdy. My last two cutters were made mostly of a wood base, but this board seems more durable then those.Extremely happy and would recommend.
Was looking for a lightweight cutter that wasn't too bulky but could still handle several sheets. I love this cutter. The guidelines are clearly marked and the blade cuts easily. No ripped/bent papers. Easily goes through 10 sheets at a time. Perfect for a small office.
I was surprised how cleanly these cards separate.  You get ten business cards per sheet.  As soon as you are done printing, you just fold each crease inward (with the front side facing you), and *snap*, the cards separate very cleanly, leaving a very clean edge.  There is no rough perforation left at all.Designing your cards is pretty easy if you are comfortable with MS Word or OpenOffice.  I was able to create double sided, full bleed business cards in OpenOffice with a reasonable amount of effort.Pros:- Nice, thick, bright card stock.- Very clean edges.- Very easy to separate cards (they literally snap apart with little effort).- Affordable way to do short runs of color business cards.- You can download Word templates online easily (login required).- Double side layouts are easy, just create another document with the template, flip over your page, and print.- Good ink adhesion with my Canon ink jet.  No smearing, quick drying.Cons:- This pack only comes with eight sheets.  This leaves little room for practice runs for your layout.  I recommend printing just one card per try until you get it right.  This means you'll print into the upper left card the first time, then have to edit your document to use the next square (so you can reuse the same sheet).- Not the best solution for large quantities--but this is pretty obvious.
While I normally have my professional cards printed professionally in larger amounts, I enjoy being able to occasionally print up a few "specific" business cards, and I always keep a few around to use.So, when I was given the chance to try this particular card - the new Clean-Edge cards, I was excited.The cards say they are for "inkjet printers" and I know that the heat and pass-through path can be a problem on laser printers, but I thought I'd try using the laser as well. I used the bypass, and it went through perfectly. I folded the sheet forward (as it instructed) and the cards "popped" out easily. They came out with clean edges - I could neither see nor feel any roughness whatsoever. While not as heavy as my professionally printed cards, they are well within the range.I also passed them through my inkjet to make sure there was no problem. They printed easily on both sides. Having them capable of being printed on the back side gives a lot more flexibility to the product!Avery's Design pro is a free download, and since I alternate between Windows and Mac, I normally use this program to set up my cards and labels. It worked very well for this product as it has in the past. I used the 8878 template, but the cards indicate that the 8371 will work as well.I use business cards for many projects - including reminders, memorization cards (these are just the right size to keep handy) making my own personalized gift tags for Christmas (I just punch a hole in the corner, and little notes of encouragement when visiting sick friends. These are the nicest ones I have found to date.***Edit***I ended up using the rest of these to make business cards for a friend who does hairdressing and who needed some. It was nice to be able to customize them using her logo. However, when I was working on them, I remembered one "old fashioned tip" for doing double sided on a printer.Put a piece of paper in your printer. Mark it up / down / towards front / towards bottom. Run the Paper through with a document Marked PRINT or some variation. Then, keep the paper handy. Use it to help make sure your documents go through correctly! The most frustrating part of two-sided is trying to figure these details out!
It's very easy to use, and the paper quality is great, which makes it very professional looking.  Also, both sides are made for prints.It's also great for making little cards, such as seating, little card on the gift item, etc.  It's very useful!
These blank cards gave me a clean sharp edge and didn't jam my printer. I use them for personal printed notes as well as my business cards, and I think Avery has some of the most reliableproducts on the market.
Avery is now offering on-line templates where you do all your data entry and design through their web site at [...]. It's easy to get to, just enter the product number (28878) under the "Create by Product" section.There are a ton of designs to choose from all organized by topic, although I was looking for a design for a bike shop and there really wasn't a lot that trilled me under the sports section. It will be nice if Avery adds along more designs and perhaps a search engine to find by specific topic.I do however like the "Create by Product" interface. It is easy to use wizard/interface and you can add your own graphics and photos if you like. If you save the project, you save as a dot avery (.avery) file format or by printing it creates a PDF that you can save to your computer for easy re-prints (without changes).You can still download a blank template or pre-designs (23 designs) to use in MS-Word which is still my preference since the document will reside on my computer where I know it's safe and I can change or make updates anytime.I especially like the product because it really leaves a clean edge almost like a professionally printed business card. The paper quality is good (although I would like it if it was a bit thicker) and it tears apart really easily.
Need new business cards fast? Don't want to pay for rush printing and shipping? Then these cards could just be what you need.I had no problems setting up the cards to print. Of course, as always, there are a couple of things you should keep in mind:1.) Do not tear the cards apart when you are done. "Snap" them apart by bending them toward you.2.) Place one sheet in your printer at a time.Yes, these tips are printed right there in the instructions. But looking through the 1 and 2 Star reviews on Amazon, I think a few people missed those helpful tidbits before they wasted paper and ink.Of course, I didn't need the whole 80 for my emergency card run. Now my son gets some nifty new Math Facts flash cards!
Avery Clean Edge Business Cards - #28878These business card blanks are designed specifically for use with an ink jet printer. Each sheet contains ten standard size 2" x 3.5" cards - eight sheets to a package (80 cards total). The sheets can be printed on both sides if required. The paper stock is a nice, heavy weight and the individual cards feel appropriately thick with a good solid feel. Avery's Clean Edge feature allows the finished cards to literally "snap" apart by bending the sheets backward. The resulting cards have no perforations and the edges are totally clean - impossible to tell your own printed cards from ones that are professionally prepared.Avery has Word templates available for download or by going to [...] it is possible to design your cards with the help of their Avery Design site. I prefer to design my own cards with graphics apps, but having this service available as a no-cost option will be helpful to some.This is an excellent quality product - highly recommended.
I have tried printable business cards in the past, but you could always tell by looking closely or running a finger across the edge that they had perforations. This version is smooth and requires a _very_ close look to tell that they were once part of a sheet.Avery offers a design utility online with standard examples modifiable for personal needs (including alternate images), that will download a PDF file to your computer for printing (remember to set Scaling to None to get everything lined up properly, I wasted one sheet through that error). The result (considering your design) is a fairly professional business card on matte stock.Pros: great for limited run cards (less that the usual 100 minimum required by printers), multi-color without the extra cost, smooth edges, easy separation.Cons: unlike labels you need to print a whole sheet before using any (no one off runs of cards here), thinner stock than most business cards I have had professionally printed, the printing is not raised like on cards I have had professionally printed, not really less expensive than professional printers unless you really do not need 100.Bottom line, even with the above negatives, I still feel this product deserves 5 stars because it does exactly what it should do, provide a professional quality business card (your results may vary) that I will not hesitate to hand out to prospective employers (something I will be doing this coming Friday when looking for intern positions).P-)
Avery wasn't kidding when they named these business cards Clean Edge.  They really break off with clean edges and it's so easy, too. The quality of the paper is superb and I printed with an ordinary inkjet printer and there were no smears or streaks. The sheet will tell you how to load in the paper and how to break off the cards.  They also include instructions on how to download free software from Avery and the website also has a lot of templates for business cards and other projects.  Avery is really awesome for business and creative needs!
I currently have 2 sets of business cards: one professional, and one for my hobby/ alternate business.  Because of the nature of my business, I am unlisted and only my office address and professional phone number are on my business cards. My art business: those cards I have some fun with, and am currently having them printed overseas (from an artist whose work I am using by license). Neither provides the information I want to give friends.  So, I used these cards to make up some "calling cards".  I was a way for me to play with these and see what I could do with them, and how the final product looked.  I put this off for quite a bit because I remembered that my templates, design software were on my old computer, and never moved over to the new one.  That said, I thought this would be a chore.When I opened the package there were instructions from Avery directing me to their web site; which provided the option of templates, wizards, or tools for free-form creation.  They have several backgrounds available, some clip art and templates suiting a range of purposes.  Both the wizard and template provide the option of copying each element (text, graphics, background...) to every card, or varying the designs.  You can also import your own graphics or pictures.  It provides a broad range of options and a lot of flexibility.  Because of all those options, I had a lot of fun.First I ran off a set of alternate business cards: text only (small logo graphic).  Then I ran a set with a photographic background...and then I did a sheet with all different kinds of pictures, graphics...just to play with it.The whole process was a lot of fun, and I wound up with some nice looking and useful cards.I found the Avery web site and template very intuitive as it uses graphic and image manipulation tools common to a variety of graphics programs.  Using the template involved a very short learning curve for me. (Having used a couple of graphics programs I did not need the wizard, which might be useful to some).  The site allowed me to save my work in a variety of formats, as well as send to my printer, or order online.  They also have downloadable templates compatible with a variety of programs.How did the final product look?  Most of the cards looked very nice.  the one which had issues were mostly related to my printer (or, more likely my ink cartridges, which are not quite up to snuff).  The only cards I printed which had results that I believe would be equally unsatisfactory on other printers (or this one with better ink) were those with full- card photographic backgrounds.  On those cards, the amount of ink used resulted in somewhat warped cards.  They may well even out as they dry (or, this can be handled by weighting them, pressing in a book or something similar).Am I going to use these to replace my business cards?On the simple ones, these might well do (though white cards with plain text do not cost much to print).  However, these would certainly do in a pinch, and are faster than reordering.For the cards with licensed art... I can only get those in one place, but for casual use, these are great!!!I had so much fun, I think I'm going to try a few more of their products; birthday cards, address labels.  I haven't done those things on my computer since I moved to a new machine leaving the pertinent software behind.  Now I know I can do it all online at Avery's site, and that it is free, or has the cost builty in to the compatible product.All in all, I would recommend these for a variety of uses.  They are quick, easy, and fun....and, I suspect if you are not happy with the results you get on your home printer, that bit can be taken care of by creating and ordering online.Who knew that making business cards could be so much fun?
These are pretty good and much less expensive than going to a printing shop!I printed off a sheet... clear and clean... no smudging  (I feared) and they look great! Could hardly tell that I made these and hadn't ordered them.
At first I was skeptical that a business card printed on an inkjet printer would look "professional" - but I was pleasantly surprised to find that, in fact, I can't tell the difference between a print-shop business card and the ones that I made at home.  The clean cut edge is very smooth.  To make things easy just feed the paper one at a time and put the printer on the thick-paper setting, and then fold the edges of the cards toward you when separating them.
I've used cards like this in the past, which. .  .simply put. . . were "unprofessional".  They were "fuzzy" around the edges.  Not so with these!  As it shows in the description, you can use them for many things, and not just business cards.  The more you purchase, the better the price.
I have used other business card forms for printing custom made business cards. The results were acceptable, but you could tell that the cards were part of a larger sheet from the rough edges.Avery has raised the bar for print it yourself business cards. They provide templates on their web site [...] and now offer these Clean Edge Business Card forms (28878). As the name implies, the cards snap apart cleanly after printing so you get more professional results.In today's job market you need an "edge" over the competition to "separate" you from the crowd. These cards can help.
I wanted to make business cards at home, that looked and felt good, and that would allow a great color photo picture to be used on the card with my information.  I have usedAvery Linen-Textured Two-Side Clean Edge Business Cards for Inkjet Printers, Matte, White, Pack of 200 (08873)- and after working with templates and WORD to design my card, I've been really happy with the results.Then recently, I was given a pack ofAvery Clean Edge Business Cards, 2 inches x 3 1/2 inches, White, 80 Cards (28878).  These are like the ones that I have been using, but without the Linen-Texture.  These indicate that they are for Ink-Jets (but do work in Laser printers, or at least they work in the HP 1600 Color Laser printer that I have).  The instructions suggest that you remove all of the paper from your printer, and feed these in one at a time.  I've done it that way, and I've told my printer that I am printing a heavier card-stock type paper, and in all cases, I've been happy (no jams).The laser perforated edges on all four sides of the cards snap away cleanly.  You don't rip or cut or tear these cards apart, you print them, and snap them apart.  This worked much better than I would have imagined.  You can not see the that these were snapped apart - the final product looks great.If you need 500 cards, then making them at home might not be the most costly solution, but for a few dozen specialty cards, these work great.
Avery Clean Edge Business Cards, 2 inches x 3 1/2 inches, White, 80 Cards (28878)The perfect Rockford Kit. That dates me, remember The Rockford Files? Jim Rockford would always have a different business card for every situation. Well with these and your ink jet printer, you're set.You get three ways to design your master piece. A website, a program and a Microsoft Word plugin. All are free and available for download at the indicated Avery webpage. I used the Word plugin. It added a menu choice to the toolbar ribbon in Word 2007.  From there a mini program pops up and lets you use a template or design from scratch with an advanced set of tools. When you're happy with your masterpiece, it pops it into Word all formatted and ready to print.  When I printed to my HP C7250 (C7280) all I did was choose the best print quality. Out came some beautiful cards. I followed the directions for snapping them apart and they sure did. They were clean and well centered. I had no issues with printing alignment. I followed the directions to only put one sheet on the tray and no other paper. It worked perfectly. Only a printer (person not machine) is going to tell these aren't professionally done. The edge is quite smooth and the ink is sharp and clean. No smearing either.Very highly recommended if you need just a few for a special occasion or event.  If you need hundreds you may want to go pro. A very good product.
It seems that the people from Avery have gone out of their way to make it impossible for you to dislike this product.The product itself is not very new or noteworthy in its basic form.  These sorts of cards are very useful for a variety of reasons.  The most ingenious use I have seen of this sort of card was from a soccer mom, who gave them to all the other children on the team at the end of the season.  On the card, it had her daughter's name, their phone number, and a message that went a little like this: "Bonnie would love to play with you in the near future".  A flat magnet was glued to the back, for fridge use.This is just one possible use for these, and I feel that everyone has the need for these cards at some time or another:  I.C.E. card for wallet, business card, mini-invite, RSVP card, you name it...So why THIS card?  Here is the breakdown.First, the perf'ed edges have come a long way, baby.  I can remember that back in the day, you might feel sheepish about handing someone an obviously perf-torn edged card.  Now, these cards aren't going to have a sharp edge, like a professionally made card, they will have a soft edge.  But, I think the recipient is much more likely to critique your card design than the card construction.  Hats off to Avery for getting this down, its really quite good.Second, there are no less than FOUR count'm FOUR ways to print these cards.  You can do it through [...] without any download, for example, which is the most impressive.  Running lindows?  Red Hat?  Well, if the browser you are using isn't completely whack, there is a fair chance you are going to be able to print these cards.  And if you can't, well, its not Avery's fault.  But the vast majority of us who are running IE and Windows will be happy that they don't have to install/configure Word to get the job done.  Then you have the MS Word, option, which is ok but Word isn't free.  Then there is another Word option, and finally Avery DesignPro.  Which I didn't use, but I suspect its free, although it requires you to install software (PC/Mac).Third, these cards can be printed on both sides.  Hey, its only 2 x 3.5" of real estate so both sides count.  For me, its useful to have my business card printed in English on one side, and a foreign language on the other.  I doubt thats going to be true for many people, but its a tribute to the flexibility this allows.Overall, I love this because you can print as FEW cards as you need of each kind.  If you really needed 80+ card that were all the same, you might want to try some of the online vendors.  But, at the time of this writing, these cards are a measly .11 ea (before the cost of your ink) and at that rate, I think you simply can't go wrong.
I love these!  So easy to use!  I am so happy with them.  When I run out I have every intention of getting more.  The instructions are clear, making this a quick set up.  Anytime I need to print some cards, I just open up the file & print the cards.  Simple as that.  They snap apart really well.  I have never had any tear.  There is no way I will buy business cards again!  I now have my own artwork, I love my cards & all it costs is the package of cards, some ink & a tiny amount of my time.Highly recommend!
IMO Avery continues to dominate the do-it-yourself business advertising market.  The quality of the paper is superb - thick enough to not feel homemade, yet not as substantial as a professional business card.  It would be nice to see a heavier weight paper offered, with the understanding that some home printers malfunction when the paper weight is too high.The Clean Edge system is where this business card paper really impresses.  The edges on these cards are simply amazing.  The perforation is so tiny that the edge looks nearly smooth.  Other brands tend to leave a ridged edge that has feathery bits of paper jutting out.  Also, the fold-back method to separate these cards is terrific.  Never does a card edge rip and the process is very fast.Compared to any other brands that I've tried, these Avery Clean Edge Business Cards are my clear favorite.  I have printed 3 packs of cards and will continue to purchase more as needed.My only gripe is that Avery release printer templates for more software than Microsoft Word.  In print design, Microsoft Word is at the far bottom.  Avery should consider that software from Adobe, Corel, and others have been mainstream for many years and release templates accordingly.  It is possible to find Adobe and Corel compatible templates online, however Avery really ought to step up and release official templates on their website.
I had been looking for this type of Business Card for some time. That is a way to make my own Business Cards and not having to pay a lot of money to have them made. These are very easy to work with. Just follow the instructions given to you and you will not have a problem making very professional cards yourself. I used them and I was quite please of the results. Just go the the Avery website and use the templates that are available. I am glad I found these.
These cards are are a great size. This was easy to set up in the printer. I used a raggedy ink jet printer and they came out great.This fits nicely in my card holder and I dont have to worry about the edges getting all messed up. overall a great product
These are a fantastic value!  Quality paper, comes with detailed and easy-to-follow instructions, fair amount of design templates to choose from and easy access to customer service if you have any questions.  No complaints here at all, great product.
I got way more than I expected with these Avery Business Cards. I knew the Clean Edge cards printed well and more importantly, separated cleanly (I'm still amazed how clean and sharp the edges are for a preforated sheet). But what I had never used before was the Avery website that offers templates to quickly create NICE business cards. There is a printed instruction sheet that comes with the card stock the clearly explains the process. I hopped onto Avery's site, picked a nice template, filled in my info on one card and hit Print, and out of my Epson inkjet printer came a full sheet of VERY professional cards. Amazing. And, you can save the file and reopen it in the Avery website to make changes and reprint, and since the file resides on your PC, you don't need to remember a login name. Does it get any easier?? Oh, and after you print, you can save the sheet as a PDF and just reprint whenever you'd like. The card printing quality alone would make this a fantastic product... adding the online templates makes it a SIX star product. I'll be buying these again and again.Oh, did I mention that you can print on BOTH sides of these cards?? Fantastic...
I'm always skeptical of "clean edges", but this product delivered.  The matte finish and clean edge gives a very professional look.  They "snap" out of the frame easily.  Almost too easily - you have to handle them carefully when loading the printer.  They take color well and really do look great.  You really can print on both sides without bleed through.  I used them for art exhibit tags and for my business cards.  I was very happy with the results.
I have used these cards many times and find that there is nothing competitive in the market.Pros:* The "clean edge" system for breaking up the printed cards into separate pieces is without equal. The cards break so perfectly that they look like they were cut apart instead of perforated.* These cards take ink really well and print nicely.* The paper is really white and the results really pop with great contrast.Cons:*NONESummary:Avery has some software for both PC and Mac called "Design Pro" which I find works really well with these. This is so much cheaper than "professional" card making that it really helps the self employed person on a budget. It's especially great that you don't have to order or make 500 cards at a time - you can just do what you need to do at the moment.
I received this product via the Vines Program (samples are supplied at no cost for evaluation)as I needed a small number of business cards for a couple of temporary employees.  This product did a very nice job, was easy to use, and provided very professional looking cards.The link for the Avery website was easy to use and the templates that they supplied for their cards worked easily with MS Office and an HP OfficJet Printer.  The only problems that I encountered had nothing to do with either the cards or the templates, instead, it had to do with the limitations of InkJet Printers.  That limitation is the fact that ink from an inkjet is NOT waterproof!  Thus, if someone has wet fingers or places say a coffee cup that is damp upon a business card, the printing will run!!!  Just something to be aware of.  However, that is a small limitation when you only need a run of say 20 business cards for a temporary employee.  The solution is much more cost effective than paying for a run of 1000 cards that you will never use or just providing that employee with a generic card.
I really liked these Avery print-your-own business cards: they REALLY do have Smooth edges!  I have bought similar product in the past, and they just end up looking a little too non-professional.  You barely notice the perforations here, making these ideal for quick, custom or temporary cards!They are not as thick or finished as professional printed business cards, but they will do in a pinch, and are thicker than similar do-it-yourself cards I have bought in the past: this is likely as thick as they can be and still easily run through at-home printers!  There were some great Avery designs for cards you can use to create your own, that I thought were reasonable looking: my biggest complaint was with the software on that end: if you are used to graphics software like Adobe Photoshop, then this software will be too restricting for you, like it was for me.But for a basic, quick personal card, job search business card or custom items for a small business like coupons, or a little advertising, they are great!  You can print both sides, and they are reasonably professional looking: I give them 2 thumbs up!!
I was a bit skeptical at first as far as easily making professional-looking business cards, but wow ... after using the online card templates and printing out my first cards within minutes of starting, I am impressed.The variety of templates available on Avery's site was fairly large, with card styles to fit almost any need. I was quickly able to find one I liked, changed the text to fit my "job," (OK, I was making fun fake cards ... I admit it), and printed. The template worked perfectly, fitting the card image exactly as it should be on the card. The cards themselves easily snapped apart, and left absolutely no rough edges. They came out exactly as I would expect professional cards to look, with the exception of the "flatness" of the ink. This is not Avery's fault, of course -- an ink-jet printer cannot lay down thick ink as a professional card printing service can do. But the look itself is absolutely fabulous.If you don't need a huge quantity of cards and/or you want to try out some really neat designs, these are perfect. I highly recommend them.
These print great with either inkjet or laser. I prefer color laser. Just bend them over and they come apart very clean.
There isn't too much to say about these cards except that they are great! The do tear neatly, print well and and simple to use. 5 star product.
I remember the ragged edges of prior cards, none of that here. These belong in every office arsenal. When your title or any info changes, you can run a sheet of these off while waiting for the professional ones to arrive.
The instructions for these business cards sends you to the Avery site online, where you create your cards.  There are both blank cards and ones with designs available, for all types of businesses.  I chose a blank one, so I could add my own picture, instead of using a design.  I did not find the software easy to use.  And I could not for the life of me figure out how to do the back side...unless, you do the front first, print, go back to the software and choose "back side", and then stick the paper back in the printer again.  Finally, I just gave up, and decided to use the Microsoft Digital Image 2006 I have on my desktop, which I've used for previous business cards.Before turning on the desktop, though, I decided to try to install Digital Image 2006 on my laptop.  I never thought about doing that before, since the laptop has Vista.  Well, it installed with no problems, and no configurations needed, very quickly.  And it's working beautifully.  With Digital Image, you can also choose cards that have designs, or are blank so you can add a picture.  I find Digital Image far easier to use than Avery's software.  And when you print, it gives you 20 choices of business card types with numbers.  It has the number for these Avery cards, so printing was also a breeze on my Canon i960. The cards are beautiful, though not glossy, and easily separate by folding.  I decided not to do a back side, since most people don't look at the back of business cards anyway.
I have made up business cards with a number of different brand of blank cards and I have to say I like these the best.  Colors transfer and show better giving you a nice crisp clean look.  Standard size cards that are above standard quality especially for value.  Why pay someone else to make your business cards and possibly not come away completely happy when you can make your own just as nicely as professional companies.  I have been a long time user of Avery products and have come to expect a certain quality of product from them.  These don't disappoint!  Buy yourself some and have the fun experience of creating something of quality that you are most certainly going to be most happy with.
Over the years, whenever I've needed to print some kind of personal or business project, I've gone to the local office supply store. I get two choices: Avery and the store knock-off brand. The store brands usually cost a couple of dollars less, but it's not by much... and I can't tell you how many paper jams, misaligned prints and ruined projects I've had to throw away because I didn't want to go ahead & get an Avery product. Some things you can get away with generics on-- for me, print projects are not one of them.This is a great product for the small business owner when you're in a pinch in between business card orders. There are 4 different ways to put your content into templates, so whether you're used to doing this in Microsoft Word, or you've never printed your own cards before & are using Avery's print online feature, it's virtually foolproof. When you're done printing, flip your sheet over and print some more information on that back part of the card that usually gets wasted. The printing is clean, bright & crisp-- what more could you ask for?Tearing them apart is a breeze when you're done printing. Just bend along the lines and the cards will snap apart with no rough edges. I've had "clean edge" cards made by other brands, and I end up with torn, rough edges and useless cards every single time-- that is if the printer didn't eat the brand X sheet to begin with. Whether you're in between card orders, you're having a special event, or you're just starting out and don't want to make a huge business card order right away, these cards are a great solution. Please, save yourself some money and frustration, and get the Avery brand when you print from home. Highly recommend.
I create my own business cards and have used Avery cards for years.  Of all the styles, the White Clean Edge are the best.If you're designing a card for the first time, you can use an installed program like Print Shop or simply go to [...] and create by product to get an assortment of templates (one and two-sided).  When you've finished your design, click "next" and you're ready to set up the printing procedure (Note: these cards are designed to be used in InkJet printers).For best results make sure you choose a card stock paper type and set the printing mode to "high".These cards do not "tear" as with other card stock.  Rather, separate each card by folding the edges inward.  The clean edge will "snap" and separate with ... a clean edge!Easy to use with fantastic results.  I attend arts and craft shows as a vendor and use these Avery Clean Edge business cards exclusively.  Highly recommended.
These are great. We plan to actually use them for printing tags to attach to products for sale VS actual business cards. We can punch a hole in the end and tie with some ribbon to products. I am sure they would be just fine for business cards as well. Professional look!
These tabs are both functional (useful) and neat (attractive).  They help you keep your thoughts, papers, files, etc. organized in a neat and convenient way.  They do their job, and they look really good.  They look good in a binder, and the colors are nice.  They are also strong and sturdy.  There are 6 sets of 5 tabs.Highly recommended if you organize or have a use for them.Good for home, office, school, projects, etc.
The problem with most of these products is that they don't hold up. Tabs rip , pages rip , etc.....Sure most of that is on the handler , but I expect a durable product.I inserted these tabs into a notebook that I use EVERY day. It has been several months now , and they are still in the same shape as the day I first assembled the notebook.A true testament to this product's durability. I was not disappointed , and I feel confident you won't either.
I know, I know - you're thinking "so what, they're just binder tabs."  But when you put together materials in a 3-hole binder, the difference between professional and sloppy, or useful and confusing, is often just that - good dividers and a good index page.These dividers are really nice.  As you can see from the product description and photos, you get 6 sets of 5 divider tabs numbered 1-5 within each set, plus a laser-printer-ready index page.  The index page is color coded to the tabs, and both are in a modern, florescent color that will leave your materials looking jazzy.  The tabs are slick plastic affixed to bond paper, and the whole package is very well put together.  (If you need more tabs than 5 per binder, Avery makes sets ranging from8 tabsper set to32 tabsper set, plus sets with tabs for the 12 months orA-Z)).Given my choice, I might slightly prefer more sedate colors for some of my materials, but these "contemporary" fluorescents are eye catching and appealing.  I strongly recommend these if a five tab set meets your needs.
You get six sets of these in one package. The inserts are numbered 1-5 and have a cover page so you can write in detail exactly what is in that section. I didn't think of it before I ordered them but when I saw them I knew exactly how I was going to use them...for dividing the family tree notebook I am working on. Each generation can have it's own number. I put them in a big 3 ring binder notebook and it works great.  They are also good for research projects. At the moment I'm doing research on my hometown and they are coming in really handy for that...more so than the lettered ones would be since then nearly everything would be under one letter.
Simply put, Avery Ready Index Contemporary Table of Contents Dividers are the gold standard for reports and presentation binders.  The finish, the materials and the reliability of this product have never let me down.  I used these when I worked for a trade association when I did presentations for a committees and boards of directors.  When I ran my own consulting company I used them.  Now that I'm back to working for a company, I still use this product, and the result are consistently superior.The product allows to to take a report or presentation, add section tabs and a table of contents.  The section tab pages are reinforced and hold up even after years of use. The colors are bright and catchy.  The table of contents feeds through laser printers without jams and come out looking great.If I could suggest anything to Avery, it would be to introduce this product with versions for comb binding and spiral binders.But aside from that - these are office supply all-stars!
Attractive dividers, sturdy, well spaced, easy to write on and erase, good colors, professional looking.  I strongly recommend this product and this company.Five stars.